the apartment is 1.9 km from trinity cathedral.
free private parking and bike rental are available on site.
offering a 24 square meters indoor swimming pool, holiday home degnevangen blåvand iv is located in blåvand, 200 m from the shop and restaurant.
guests can prepare their meals in the kitchen with a stove, microwave and fridge.
guests can relax on the terrace and enjoy the scenic landscapes. activities range from horse riding, hiking and fishing.
guests also get access to the 360o panoramic lookout in restaurant "la vista".
the property is within walking distance to the historic la farmer's market and the grove shopping center.
an airport shuttle is available.
florence is 15 km from the property, while arezzo can be reached in approximately a 1-hour drive.
free private parking is available on site.
the property offers free parking.
room service is also available.
condo-boutique also includes a hot tub.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can also find traditional cuisine 2 km away in the local restaurants.
every room comes with a private or shared bathroom with slippers for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
hiking and water based activities are possible nearby. arcachon train station is a 12-minute drive from the apartment.
guests can find a gazebo with outdoor furniture next to each room.
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a bath.
as a guest of this hotel, you can take advantage of amenities and features, including: free wireless high-speed internet access, free weekday newspaper, seasonal outdoor pool and exercise room.
they are all air conditioned and equipped with satellite tv and fridge.
this 19th century walk-up townhouse is located in the chelsea district and a 5-minute walk from greenwich village.
guests can enjoy a hot breakfast during their stay.
apartments monaco is located 750 metres from the monaco monte-carlo train station and a 35-minute drive from nice cote d’azur airport.
chitlatda 2 guesthouse is a 15-minute walk to night market and phousi mountain.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
featuring a spa bath, private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath.
valencia airport is 8 km away.
restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 5 km from the property.
just over 500 metres from grasmere lake.
you can enjoy mountain view.
apartments also include kitchen facilities and a dining area.
there is a walk-in shower and a washin basin in the en suite bathroom.
located in barcelona, apartment barcelona sagrada familia beauty features air conditioning and a balcony with street views.
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a flat-screen tv. some units also have a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher.
nice côte d'azur airport is 7.3 km away.
a daily hot breakfast with waffles, bacon, fresh fruit, and more is served at this property.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a desk and a private bathroom.
panjim city is about 19 km away.
jr kyoto train station is a 15-minute subway ride away.
it offers a shared lounge area, a restaurant and conference facilities.
it features a garden and a terrace with panoramic sea views.
guests of the carlsbad hampton inn can work out in the gym or use the business center which has fax and copy services. the hotel has an indoor pool and hot tub.
it features a state-of-the-art spa centre with massages and beauty procedures.
guangzhou ange apartment is located in guangzhou and offers self-catering accommodation.
the motel has a club located in the same building.
pousada residencial flores is 2 km from praia do santinho beach, 9 km from praia brava beach and walking distance to bars, restaurants and shops.
decorated with pastel colours, rooms are air conditioned and come with a private bathroom complete with shower and hairdryer.
a balcony or patio with a view is featured.
holiday home tranebærvej i e is located in høje sande and can accommodate up to six persons. this accommodation is located nearby the beach.
the property offers free parking.
the building is under 24-hour video surveillance.
it offers free parking, free wi-fi and an italian restaurant.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the restaurant and pizzeria il malibu, located in the hotel, offers a variety of foods.
personal chefs and massage services can also be arranged on request.
the hotel is less than 3 km from laxminarayan and birla mandir temples.
you will find a kettle in the room.
predjamski castle is about 12 km from the property.
a private balcony or patio is standard in all rooms.
the spanish steps are just 2 metro stops from san pietro's home b&b while the sistine chapel and st. peter's basilica are a 15-minute walk away.
unwind completely in the modern and bright ambience of the hostel, with high-quality services and a dedicated staff.
a fully-equipped kitchen is present on each floor and guests can make use of the barbecue facilities.
guests can cook for themselves in the shared kitchen.
guests of the property also have free access to the nearby nord-als sports center.
the versalles is just 5 minutes’ walk from the vibrant chueca district.
other facilities at sweethome na okruzhnom shossie include a terrace.
the accommodation at le philéas feature a living/sleeping area with an lcd tv and a double bed.
remitur offers free parking and is 15 km from iguazu airport.
you can enjoy a garden view.
this hostel is located in the historic centre of perm, just a 5-minute walk from the perm academic theatre and the central square.
dubrovnik old town - ploce gate is 3.8 km from attic apartment iris, while lapad bay is 1.2 km away.
it also features a seating area with a sofa, and a washing machine.
it features several artworks by local and foreign artists.
the hotel’s restaurant, deer’s leap, offers a superb choice of modern and traditional dishes.
their private bathrooms are complete with a hairdryer and a set of toiletries.
extras include a desk.
several convenience stores and dining options are available within a 5-minute walk.
strasbourg is just a 30-minute drive away.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, hostal marina real is located in manta.
the property offers free parking.
adler-sochi international airport is 3 km from the property.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, oven, kettle and fridge.
protea hotel upington is situated in on the banks of the orange river in upington.
as you come off the a4 motorway exit, hotel città dei mille is the first hotel you will find when entering bergamo.
silver wolf apartments are situated just 4 tram stops from the kraków główny railway station.
air-conditioned rooms at the oasis kuta feature dark wood furnishings and a flat-screen satellite tv. an electric kettle and refrigerator are provided for guests convenience.
the property offers free parking.
recreation facilities include a fitness room where guests can enjoy a work out.
alternatively, room service options are available on-site.
baza otdykha berezovaya roscha offers pet-friendly accommodation in tatysh.
cycling is an option for your outdoor activities in the quiet area and bikes can be rented at the property.
free wifi access is available.
each apartment features a balcony and free wi-fi. the units are comprised of a bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and tv.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and bowling.
the farm stay meone vecchio is a 30-minute drive from città di castello and its medieval monuments.
located in balatonszárszó, adri apartments features free access to an outdoor pool, a sun terrace and free wifi access.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling, diving and cycling.
municipal art gallery of chania is 200 metres from elia portou due, while cathedral of the presentation of the virgin mary is 200 metres away.
the living room has a sofa and a flat-screen tv, while the kitchenette comes with a microwave, fridge, hob and toaster.
offering all-day dining, a range of asian dishes can be sampled at grd’s restaurant.
massages and shiatsu treatments are available upon reservation, at an extra cost.
peebles golf club is less than 3 miles from the building.
wine tasting excursions, and seasonal hiking and snow-shoeing tours are organised on request.
tea and coffee making facilities are also included.
the down town hostel is located just a 5-minute walk from the besarabsky market.
you can find a wide variety of restaurants and bars within a 5-minute walk of apartamentos las casas del salvador.
free private parking is available on site.
look forward to the sauna, roof terrace and fitness area above the rooftops of wiesloch.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, pension elfy offers pet-friendly accommodation in baden.
the mamayev kurgan memorial complex with the motherland calls statue are 3 metrotram stops from finance-ug hotel.
this establishment is located in a landscape featuring natural thermal baths dating from the roman era, a perfect place to enjoy nature and good health.
each room here features a minibar, private bathroom with free toiletries and cable tv.
laguna villas offers a resort community clubhouse with 2 tennis courts, sun beds and a barbecue area.
towels and bed linen are offered.
on the edge of sherwood forest, this modern yha is situated in the scenic village of edwinstowe.
the hotel provides shuttle service to marbella club golf resort, where you can golf for free.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is provided.
a buffet breakfast is offered each morning, and in the evening guests can relax with a drink in the hotel bar.
they are each equipped with air conditioning, a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
staff can arrange car and bicycle rental.
hercílio luz airport is 90 km away and imbituba bus station is 8 km from the property.
guesthouse on kati solovyanovoy 113 features free wifi .
the cable car to isola bella island is a 3-minute walk away.
the area is popular for snorkelling and diving.
heho airport is a 45-minute ride away.
athens, alabama is 25 minutes’ drive away.
scenic cheonjiyeon waterfall, lighted up at night, is a 5-minute walk.
there is a 24-hour front desk, a shared kitchen, hairdresser's, and shops at the property.
free wi-fi and a continental breakfast are available.
at hotel boutique tremo guests will renovated facilities including a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
the famous osho meditation resort is just 7 km away.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
there is also a tv lounge, allowing you to relax in the evenings.
the restaurant and coffee house serve a daily break buffet, with a variety of cambodian specialities.
select villas have a balcony or porch as well.
quest brighton feature self-contained townhouses with a private double garage, a full kitchen and laundry facilities.
all rooms provide satellite tv, a seating area and a tea/coffee maker.
there is also a playground at your disposal, as well as a sauna available at extra charge.
located 500 metres from siam park in playa de las americas, this apartment features a terrace.
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
each room includes a tv with cable channels and air conditioning.
only a 10-minute drive from yuexiu park, tong tong hotel features simple accommodation with free wired internet access.
on site, altamira has a games room and barbeque facilities for outdoor dining in the garden.
the rooms feature a washing machine, bathrobes and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
wi-fi is free at reception.
the port and town of mytilene are at a distance of 11 km, while mytilene airport is 20 km away.
free private parking is possible on site.
the motel can assist guests with car hire, airport shuttle services and general tourist information.
the modern 3-star aqua hotel is a part of the druskininkai aqua park complex.
hania ski centre is a 40-minute drive.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
the nearby hunting grounds in the municipality of vrbas are ideal for both big and small game and hunting.
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the landgasthof räucherhansl features large rooms, free wi-fi and a traditional restaurant. it is located in the bavarian village of oberteisbach, just 8 km from the a92 motorway.
the itinerary of the cruise includes visit to aswan and luxor which is programmed every wednesday into 7 nights.
albena is 7 km from eight-bedroom holiday home in tsurkva, while balchik is 12 km away.
select units come with a kitchenette and dining area.
there is an indoor pool and hot tub in the wellness centre.
the nearest airport is catania fontanarossa airport, 48 km from the property.
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is provided and you can park your car free of charge on site.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily, served in the garden in fine weather.
the nearest airport is verona airport, 8 km from the property.
guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen of the villa.
the 2 apartments at aan de kwakel feature a living area with a flat-screen tv.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
the air-conditioned apartments are fully equipped and feature a modern-style décor.
featuring tennis court, basketball playground and a steam bath, this hotel is located in polyana village, 9 km from svalyava town.
located in chungking mansions in tsim sha tsui, germany hostel is a 2-minute walk from ocean terminal and kowloon park.
each room comes with a tv, wardrobe and tiled floor.
you can enjoy mountain view and city view from the room.
the luxurious spa features a range of relaxation options, including full-body massages, facials and pedicures.
the restaurant of the vila olimpic sport serves romanian dishes and it also has a bar.
free wifi and private parking are also available.
wi-fi is free throughout, and lake garda is 4 km away.
the air-conditioned apartment includes a tv and a seating area.
other facilities available are washing machine, reserved parking (extra, covered) and 2 ski lockers.
au vin chambré features an outdoor swimming pool and a solarium.
alloggi marinella is family managed.
a cross-country ski run is 400 metres away, and it is just 200 metres to a fishing pond.
hiking and other outdoor activities are also nearby.
on request, guests can enjoy breakfast at andritsch elfi ferienwohnung.
hotel sahara is right in front of a natural reserve and 7 km from villa gesell airport.
lepametsa organises boat trips to nearby islands.
a fireplace provides extra comfort in each room at the stone gate inn bed & breakfast.
this holiday park is situated on åland island, 12 km from central godby.
private bathrooms are equipped with towels and linen.
guests staying at the pittsburgh downtown hampton inn & suites will enjoy an indoor swimming pool and exercise centre.
it features free sauna, steam shower cabin and hot tub.
the property is 1.4 km from place de la concorde and 1.7 km from the tuileries garden.
shopping centre gagarinskiy is located 1.1 km away from the property and concert hall yotaspace is 600 metres away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
the beach in canneto is 15 minutes' drive away.
guests are also welcome to relax on a sunny terrace.
this country house features a traditional restaurant serving regional cuisine.
it offers easy access to afonso pena international airport, 18 km away.
the surrounding area of chalosse offers many sightseeing acitivities and long walks.
the studio features a terrace, a tv and a wardrobe.there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and an oven.
a kitchen with an oven, a refrigerator and coffee-making facilities is also included.
naughty by nature is a holiday home with a patio, located in pigeon forge, 1.7 km from the grand majestic theater. the unit is 2.1 km from country tonite theatre.
apart-hotel salut is located in moskovsky district of saint petersburg.
bathrooms and toilets are shared, and towels are available at extra charge.
located in kokkini khanion, zoe beach luxury villa features a spacious, furnished terrace with unobstructed sea view.
the kitchen has wooden finishes and comes with a washing machine, microwave and dishwasher.
all the colourful apartments feature a desk, a wardrobe and a private bathroom with a shower.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, shili guesthouse offers accommodation in suzhou.
palacio de gobierno is 15.3 km away.
the property is located only 800 metres from lycian way trail.
there is a separate children swimming pool, as well as an extensive garden area for children to play.
the göller’s restaurant and rustic frankenstube lounge serve seasonal, franconian cuisine, delicious steaks, and fresh carp.
holiday home lærkedalen ringkøbing iv is located in søndervig and can accommodate up to five persons.
children's playground is provided.
pattaya floating market is 4 km from sea crest by jomtien, while mimosa pattaya is 7 km away.
the scenic village of asomatos, famous for its traditional character, is 14 km away.
maribel spa hotel features free wifi throughout the property.
both preveza town and the airport of aktion can be reached within a 20-minute drive.
offering a bar and en suite accommodation, tal y don hotel is located in the heart of the small seaside town of barmouth, in gwynedd, north wales.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
decorated with wrought-iron beds and light tones, the air-conditioned studios of eleana have a kitchenette with fridge and kitchenware. each unit comes with cooking hobs, a tv and a hairdryer.
guests at labourdonnais can enjoy meals at 3 on-site restaurants, or relax with refreshments at either of the 2 bars.
city views can be taken delight in.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the property offers free parking.
set 200 metres from pont de pedra in girona, this apartment features a balcony. the unit is 200 metres from girona city hall.
the functional rooms include a tv and free wi-fi.
there are laundry facilities on site, as well as a garden and bbq facilities.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
other facilities at dacha alina-zatoka include a spacious garden with barbecue.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave and refrigerator.
pool and garden views are available from the terrace.
in-room facilities include a tv and air-conditioning.
shops, restaurants, a cable car station, railway station, ice rink, cross-country ski tracks, tennis courts, a playground and swimming pool are available there.
lake johnson park is 12 minutes' drive from the motel.
hotel paramount is a convenient 15-minute walk from popular tourist attractions like the kedah house, one of the many luxurious mansions in this area.
this guest house has a ski pass sales point and bike hire is available.
the building houses an elegant and luxurious interior with a modern décor, while each room has its individual design and fashionable furnishings.
the alpine-style frahndl apartment has a furnished terrace, a bedroom with a double bed, a bedroom with 2 single beds and a living room with a sofa bed and satellite/cable tv. it also has a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, and a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub.
tables, chairs, sunbeds and umbrellas surround the pool area.
yukari-no-mori park is an 8-minute drive away.
market rasen racecourse is 4 minutes' by car.
free private parking is available at the property.
each studio and apartment includes a flat-screen satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
the bathroom offers shower facilities and toiletries.
tala house is located in riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation. free wi-fi access is available.
at ray's bucktown bed and breakfast you will find a summer herbs garden and several community areas where guests can relax.
the property offers free parking.
free parking is possible at a location nearby.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
ipoh apartment features beautifully furnished accommodation about 6 km from ipoh’s city centre.
some offer a minibar and tea/coffee facilities.
freshly prepared home-style breakfast and meals are available on request.
a daily breakfast is served in the hotel's courtyard cafe.
comfortable apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in klaipėda.
the nearest airport is christchurch airport, 10 km from around the world backpackers.
4-friendshostel offers pet-friendly accommodation in central gdańsk.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with a fireplace and tv.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries. extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
-107 km to tiznit
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
brussels can be reached in 34 minutes by car.
surrounded by the forest and small rivers, hotel & conferentiecentrum groenendael offers bright rooms with a modern décor.
with diverse sports facilities and amusement parks nearby, mercure pattaya is a well located base for a fun holiday. you can also easily stroll to the beach and enjoy various water sports, such as snorkelling and boat outings.
the elegant bedrooms at old stables feature fresh, simple decor and scenic views.
all rooms at pousada estacao do sol feature a private balcony with a hammock and scenic views.
free wi-fi access is available.
the elegant guest rooms are air-conditioned and heated, offering also a minibar and a work desk.
olbia costa smeralda airport is located 19 km away.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen, equipped with a fridge, microwave and electric kettle.
daily maid service is offered.
bicycles can be rented at the property.
you can relax with a drink by the swimming pool and enjoy the peaceful surroundings.
the pension-restaurant waldblick offers comfortable accommodation in the falkau district of feldberg.
complete with a microwave, the dining area also has kitchenware and a dining table.
offering free wifi and a garden, casa vacanze la gebbia is 6 km from the centre of ragusa.
a private balcony and in-room massage service are available upon request.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
venlo is 30 minutes driving by car, deurne’s train station is 12 km away.
this hotel offers self-catering suites with a plush sofa in the living area.
it offers an apartment with a balcony and views of the surrounding alpine panorama.
featuring free wifi, the villa has 4 double bedrooms, one with an en-suite bathroom, and a family bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer.
enjoy quaint and clean accommodation close to the centre of oudtshoorn, daisy tree cottage is a self-catering garden cottage with an outdoor pool.
the popular baredine caves can be visited 7 km away.
this east point hotel offers free 22-hour airport shuttle to hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport, which is just one mile away.
the non-smoking and self-catered accommodation opens out onto a balcony overlooking the trent severn canal.
bright and airy rooms in villa mandala have garden views and are air-conditioned with marbled flooring. they are fitted with a tv, safety deposit box, wardrobe and desk with seating area.
a continental breakfast is provided in the dining room with a fireplace or the roof terrace.
delle regioni hotel is close to all of rome's historic sites including the spanish steps, 400 metres away and the pantheon, one km away.
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the split ferry port, leading to the nearby islands, can also be found there.
dishes from aosta valley can be enjoyed at lunch and dinner.
free private parking is possible on site.
set in the heart of the beautiful inishowen peninsula, the family friendly riversdale country house offers free wifi in public areas and free private parking.
hostel kvart offers accommodation in voronezh.
there is a lounge with satellite tv and a sofa bed.
there is also a sauna and a barrel shower as well as a relaxation room located on site.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, marianeum offers pet-friendly accommodation in prague, a 7-minute walk from the náměstí míru metro station.
a spacious garden with barbecue facilities is available to all guests.
drinks and light meals are available in the cosy lobby bar.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a terrace.
tasty regional cuisine is served in the restaurant of le chamois hotel, which offers a dining room with unique view of the nearby mountain area.
free wi-fi access is included.
they are equipped with a satellite tv and hairdryer.
the private bathroom comes with either a bath or shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
buffet breakfast with tropical fruits, natural juices and pastries is served daily at pousada beira-mar.
complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table.
each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
it has its own on-site restaurant and provides the convenience of laundry facilities.
fitted with parquet floor, this air-conditioned apartment of costa comes with 2 separate bedrooms. featuring a balcony, it has a living room with a tv, as well as an open-plan kitchen with dining area and oven with cooking hobs.
the hotel's in-hour restaurant serves chinese cuisine from 10:00 to 22:00 hrs daily.
guest can enjoy the buffet breakfast on the roof with castle views or relax in small garden at the reception hall and have drinks in modernly renovated cafe.
the nearest airport is carrasco international airport, 18 km from ejidonia hostel montevideo.
daily maid service is available.
the en suite bathrooms include a shower and a hairdryer.
this 18th-century house, on the slopes of mera de arriba valley, is 5 minutes’ drive from the ortigueira estuary.
the property arranges airport transfer service upon request.
tuesday nights include a barbecue dinner and dessert for each guest.
extras include a washing machine.
for an extra charge, the viardo offers a shuttle service to tashkent airport.
a disc golf course is located right opposite kullasmarina villas.
the tour desk assists in car rentals and currency exchanges.
all units open to a balcony with unobstructed sea views.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub.
all rooms are air-conditioned and include a tv, refrigerator and private bathroom.
all units include a cable flat-screen tv.
the small kitchen area has a fridge and hob, and the bathroom comes complete with amenities.
the rooms at barry memle offer views to the resort’s park and some even feature lake views.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
situated just 100 metres from the sea, apartments parać in petrčane offers air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi, and satellite tv. barbecue facilities and free private parking are provided.
the village of viscri, part of the unesco world heritage, can be reached within 15 km, while rupea citadel is at the distance of 35 km.
each room in shumeijia inn is fitted with a tv and an electric kettle.
the distance to hoai river is 1.3 km.
hf minas hotel is 13 km from tancredo neves international airport and 30 km from belo horizonte bus station.
there are horse riding facilities 1.5 km away.
the four-bedroom holiday home is provided with satellite-tv, a dvd-player, hi-fi system and internet access.
other facilities at villa moraca include a barbecue.
old town square as well as charles square are within easy walking distance.
guests are welcome to book the alpha’s shuttle for trips within the hanover city limits.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv.
grand bazaar and laleli is just a 10 minutes' walk from eroz rental house.
ferienwohnung domus vini offers free wifi and a fully equipped kitchen.
a stovetop and kettle are also available.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
some rooms have access to a balcony and views of the surrounding gardens.
an indoor pool and hot tub are offered at lake geneva mill creek hotel.
free wi-fi is available.
the kosgoda turtle hatchery is 2 km away.
the rustic interior with wooden and stone elements creates a homely and intimate atmosphere.
opposite praça da república, this hotel is located close to braga’s most well known monuments, gardens and museums. it is positioned inside the bragashopping, the city’s top shopping destination.
simferopol international airport is 55 km and simferopol train station is 50 km from the guest house.
university of trento is 6 km from b&b casa brunelli, while funivia trento sardagna is 5 km from the property.
porto international airport is a 70-minute drive away.
all air-conditioned units include a seating area and a kitchenette with electric kettle and fridge.
a private or shared bathroom is available.
guests can enjoy the free breakfast in the spacious breakfast room every morning.
the property is 2 km from vezio castleand a 10-minute drive from bellano.
the property is a 5-minute walk to lake market. it is a 10-minute drive to central department store.
free private parking is available on site at the guest house.
breakfast items can be delivered to the comfort of your cottage every morning.
a fridge and kettle are also provided.
it takes 15 minutes by car from the ferry port to xiamen railway station and wucun coach station.
the centre of the car-free village and the gornergrat rack railway are both 900 metres away. a bus stop can be reached within a 2-minute walk.
the restaurant also serves barbecue dishes on the terrace.
a tv with satellite channels is featured.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
gilimanuk harbour is reachable within a 30-minute drive, whilst getting to bali denpasar international airport will take 4 hours by car.
guests can enjoy chinese, western and japanese dishes on the hotel’s 3 restaurants.
the bathroom is complete with shower, hairdryer and toiletries.
each comes with an en suite bathroom, a humidifier and a hairdryer.
the liverpool street as well as the bank district can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen. a tv is provided.
towels and linen are provided.
a fitness centre and a guest launderette are also provided.
free wifi access and free on-site parking are available.
cipro metro station is just a 5-minute walk away.
schliermacherstrasse bus and tram stops are a 5-minute walk from the apartments, providing direct links to the city centre and augsburg main station.
free range eggs are also served and have been freshly laid by chickens on the property.
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
with modern decor, the rooms are fitted with a seating area and air conditioning.
moskovsky train station is 6 km from the apartment, while pulkovo airport is 25 km away.
hotel villa orlandi is only a 5-minute walk from both the adriatic sea coast and gatteo a mare train station.
the property has a restaurant, can constans, which specialises in mediterranean cuisine.
all apartments in this high-rise offer free wifi and a flat-screen tv.
alternatively guests may visit the traditional portuguese restaurants located within walking distance.
bed linen is featured.
free private parking is available on site.
the resort also offers car hire.
from may to september, there are additional daytime activities, including fitness classes and workshops.
santo do raizana sanctuary is 2.5 km away. the beautiful vale da lua valley is 10 km from pousada bambu brasil.
to ensure that you don’t lose contact with friends, family and colleagues during your stay, canter holm offers free internet access throughout.
the royal standard guest house is a family-run bed and breakfast that offers comfortable surroundings in the heart of virginia water, close to country pubs, restaurants and shops.
port elizabeth airport is a 8-minute drive away.
nearby towns of stari grad, vrboska and jelsa have a number of restaurants, bars and grocery shops.
it offers free wi-fi, a terrace and a dining room where guests are invited to enjoy a continental breakfast every morning.
swimming beaches can be found at lancieux, 15 km from domaine de la garaye. dinard is 17 km away and saint-malo is 30 km away.
there are a number of activities to enjoy and for those looking to relax there a number of treatments and a spa and wellness centre.
all rooms include a comfortable furnished living room and modern bathroom.
all rooms come with a shower and a toilet, and yukata robes are provided.
situated 1 km from dubai mall in dubai, this apartment features an outdoor pool.
free wifi access is available throughout and guests can relax at the on-site bar.
pasaulio kraštas has a children's playground with a sandbox and a trampoline.
the villa will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a patio and a seating area.there is a full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
the scenic coastal town of peschici is 18 km from the property.
centre of zakopane is located 5 km away from willa krzesanica.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is 18 km away.
all units come with a balcony and have a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a safe.
rosslare and its ferry port are 20 minutes’ drive away, and early breakfasts are available.
koli's apartments is situated in durrës, 3 km from port of durres. durres amphiteatre is 4.2 km from the property.
you can enjoy traditional french dishes including foie gras in the on-site restaurant, which is open daily.
blue and red accents are sprinkled throughout the downtown resort style, unit 2g apartment.
it offers a sweet breakfast and accommodation with allergy-free rooms.
the hotel zur linde has a garage for bicycles and motorbikes.
private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
mercure lisboa almada is only a few steps from almada's centre.
located a 15-minute walk from the city centre of lisbon, charming santos features a self-catering apartment with free wi-fi. santos train station is a 5-minute walk away.
it offers free parking and rooms with a balcony.
isani metro station is a 10-minute walk from the gis.
in the rustic dining room, guests can enjoy breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the nearest airport is sofia airport, 50 km from ski-in ski-out borovets.
hotel gold leaf is 500 metres from the market and the city palace.
just 250 metres from the beach of chryssi ammoudia, in skala panagia, olive garden villas offer spacious, split-level accommodation with a garden, children's play area and private parking.
guests can take a refreshing swim in the swimming pool and relax in the surrounding sun loungers which overlook the green garden.
expo 2017 astana is 12 km from гостиный дом, while kazhimukan munaitpasov stadium is 3.2 km away.
you can enjoy pool and garden views from the room.
free wi-fi is provided throughout.
the hotel residence also features a bar and a storage room for your skis.
guests can rent a bicycle and explore nearby fishing villages, or relax in a sun lounger.
wi-fi is available for free in public spaces.
guests can also enjoy chinese and thai specialities.
sahid montana malang hotel is a 20-minute drive from sanan and a 35-minute drive from abdul rachman saleh domestic airport.
staff are happy to make recommendations and bookings for local restaurants.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a dishwasher and oven.
free wifi access is available in the public areas of the property.
set on 10 acres of lovely gardens, it features an indoor pool, a hot tub and free wi-fi.
it has a 24-hour reception and air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
located in nahariyya,10 minutes' walk from the beach and ga'aton street, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi.
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
the hotel has easy access to public transport.
the area is popular for cycling.
central inn is a 90-minute drive from lombok international airport.
the restaurant serves swiss and international cuisine and many regional specialities.
with modern-style interiors, the property has a balcony with city views and offers free wi-fi access throughout.
at st. anthony holiday homes you will find a garden.
the stylish air-conditioned suites and apartments feature lcd cable tv, free wi-fi and a private terrace.
in-room facilities include air conditioning, satellite tv, and fully equipped kitchenette with coffee maker and fridge.
the rooms and suites of the altenburger hof feature harmonious décor and functional desks with modern communications technology.
jenbach can be reached with a unique steam cog railway.
the hotel offers various massage options, for guests to treat themselves to.
free private parking is available on site.
featuring a garden with an outdoor pool, refugios de victoria hotel is located in victoria, only 800 metres from the coastal avenue.
restaurants, bars and shops can be found a short walk away.
the house features two south-facing terraces with panoramic views.
iberostar averroes is a beachfront resort, located in yasmine hammamet on the tunisian coast, 600 meters from carthage land hammamet.
you can enjoy garden view.
the hotel includes a shared lounge for you to take a break.
during the summer months, it also provides a free shuttle for serraia lake, 7 km away.
a fresh continental breakfast is delivered to each suite daily.
other services such as car hire, bicycle rentals and shuttle services can all be arranged.
the restaurant serves classic italian cuisine for dinner.
all rooms at hotel grüne au are decorated with traditional wooden furniture.
myrtle beach state park is 9 minutes’ drive from the sandpebble property.
the silvretta centre (public indoor pool) is an 8-minute walk away. cross-country ski runs can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
split airport is 21 km away.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
bastia airport is located 24 km away and bastia's port is 22 km from the property.
matchroom country club is easily accessed via the ap-7 motorway and offers free private parking.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with tv, a shared kitchen, and a games room.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave, toaster and fridge. a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
with a private bathroom, rooms at hotel saint-charles have an individual design décor and include a cable flat-screen tv, fridge and free wi-fi.
in addition, guests are welcome to use the fitness centre.
all rooms are en-suite and equipped with cable tv and a seating area.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
located 350 metres from la scala opera house, this carbon-neutral hotel is 10 minutes' walk from milan cathedral.
amusement park is 300 metres from guest house on lazarevskoe, while aqua park nautilus is 1.1 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
you will find a cash machine and hairdresser's at the property.
a tv and cd player are standard in all rooms at hotel concordia.
hairdryers are available at the reception upon request and free of charge.
la maison tourangelle is a holiday home with a terrace, situated in tours, 1.8 km from vinci international congress center. the unit is 2.1 km from basilica of saint martin, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
the lively nat market and boeung chhouk market are also a 10-minute drive away.
wi-fi is free in public areas.
extras include pay-per-view channels.
free wifi access is provided at zimmer david.
all rooms at tune hotel newcastle have air conditioning and come with a writing desk, a safety deposit box and a flat-screen tv.
the property has a gym, hot tub and outdoor pool.
the garden has a small pond and is ideal for entertaining children.
a terrace and a storage room for ski equipment are also available.
this fully equipped villa has a balcony with views over the surrounding countryside.
lido di jesolo is 25 km away.
set just a few short steps from the popular mirissa beach, latheena resort features clean and comfortable guestrooms.
rooms at the hampton inn and suites charlotte motor speedway boulevard-concord are equipped with cable tv and a coffee maker. the rooms provide a microwave and refrigerator.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a coffee machine, where guests can prepare meals and snacks.
in the evening, you can return to your spacious apartment to freshen up and take a nap, before heading out for dinner.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
each apartment at the posadas comes with a kitchen with fridge and microwave. all also have a living room and a bathroom with hairdryer.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
offering a private beach, parco san marco lifestyle beach resort is on the eastern point of lake lugano, set in extensive park with panoramic views of the lake and the mountains.
bed linen and towels are provided.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
some units at the elandsheim feature a private bathroom.
guests are welcome to explore the surroundings on free bicycles available on site.
a cable car, with panoramic views of the elaphiti islands, is 3.5 km away.
with a rural setting just outside torreano, b&b emma is 5 minutes' drive from cividale dei friuli.
a work desk, a microwave, a refrigerator and tea and coffee-making facilities are also provided.
a playground is also featured and tennis lessons are possible on site.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
flamingo country club bodrum has a variety of restaurants, serving varied international cuisine, and there are well-stocked shops where guests can stock up on self-catering supplies.
jr takamatsu train station is a 1-hour train ride away.
for your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
apartments ardo is 15 km from durrës and 550 metres from the coast.
guests will also find a fully equipped kitchen, tea/coffee making facilities, microwave, electric oven and refrigerator.
during harvest, guests are treated to fresh juice.
free private parking is possible and free wi-fi is available at this modern hotel.
abon apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in pärnu, just a few minutes' walk from the city centre.
the hotel also features a business centre.
free private parking is provided on site.
extras include a desk and bed linen.
the on-site restaurant serves traditional hangzhou dishes for guests to enjoy.
rooms includes a fan, a mosquito net and a private bathroom with a shower.
guests can enjoy a garden view.
the beach is 25 metres away.
this modern spa hotel is located in the old lapinniemi cotton mill, just 1.5 kilometres from tampere’s centre.
due to the apartments central location guests can easily walk to bars, restaurants and cafés.
the nearest airport is hervey bay airport, 3 km from the property.
the city of ioannina is 37 km away.
beaches apartments are 10 minutes' walk from the marina mirage shopping centre and restaurants along macrossan street.
the suites also feature a 32-inch (81 cm) flat-screen lcd tv with a dvd player.
carcavelos beach is 4 km away and the centre of lisbon is 17 km away. lisbon international airport 21.6 km away from the oeiras horizon apartment.
tokuyama ekimae route-inn hotel is a 5-minute drive from tokuyama zoo and shunan museum of art.
situated in the village of huby, the new inn motel is just 10 miles from the city of york.
the 5-bedroom accommodation features a large living room with a seating area, a fireplace and a tv set.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi and sea views.
there is a private bathroom with slippers and free toiletries in every unit.
the holiday home comes with a patio, 3 bedrooms, satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher and coffee machine, a sofa and a bathroom.
free parking is on-site.
wifi and satellite channels are provided for free.
this guest house is around 30 minutes’ drive from matlock, bakewell and the spa town of buxton. chatsworth park and chatsworth house are around 40 minutes away.
jeju international airport is only 3 km away.
each room features a private bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer upon request.
the apartment consists of a living room with a sofa and cable flat-screen tv.
you can enjoy mountain view from the room.
there are both cooked and continental options, and outside seating is also available.
water center visit with its facilities is available for guests free of charge.
you will find a tour desk at the property.
rooms are all air conditioned and feature a private bathroom.
museum of science is around 6 km away and real nuevo club golf course is can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
apartamentos bulgaria are located in several buildings in the sierra nevada ski resort, no more than 60 metres from the parador ski lift.
free private parking is possible on site.
the apartment includes a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 3 km from the property.
the property is 1.1 km from conference palace and 1.4 km from marrakesh train station.
ostria ́s house offers self catering studios and apartments with overwhelming views of the long sandy beach kaminia, the swimming pool or the garden.
the property is situated in a convenient location close to attractions such as blue mosque and hagia sophia.
shops, bars and cafés can be found in the streets surrounding the gothic.
red fort is 6.2 km from swisston inn, while feroz shah kotla cricket stadium is 3.6 km away.
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
guests can also enjoy gym equipment, a children’s playground, and darts.
guests benefit from balcony.
the property is between lecce and gallipoli, both about 20 minutes' drive away.
ski vital in sankt michael im lungau offers its guests accommodation with a private bathroom and views of the surrounding alpine landscape.
the molo immacolata vecchia harbour, with ferries to panarea and stromboli, is a 20-minute walk away.
the otrada’s restaurant decorated in a russian mansion style serves russian and oriental cuisine.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. you will find a kettle in the room.
set in a 16th-century seaside castle, château de bonabry offers b&b accommodation just a 5-minute walk from the beach in hillion.
in the heart of istanbul, with breathtaking views of the hagia sophia from its rooftop terrace, hotel nomade provides contemporary accommodation with free wireless internet and buffet breakfast included.
canada's wonderland is 20 minutes' drive from this property.
all holiday homes include a separate seating area with a fireplace, a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a washing machine and tumble dryer at mountain village ski-in/ ski-out by telluride luxury rentals.
hammam treatments and massages can be booked, and there is also a bowling alley.
san bernardino international airport is 60 minutes’ drive away.
japanese and western dishes are offered for dinner.
a continental breakfast is provided at this spanish-style hotel.
element frankfurt airport hotel features bright and spacious suites and studios decorated with contemporary interiors.
novorossiysk is 40 km from livadiya guest house, while vityazevo is 11 km from the property.
complete with a dishwasher, the kitchen also has an oven and a refrigerator.
a flat-screen tv is available in the separate living area of the apartment at hollywood legacy suite.
located 4.3 km from paihia, tuis nest offers accommodation in opua.
zeldlacherhof offers free ski storage with boot dryers, and a small library to relax after a day on the slopes.
cancun international airport is a 1-hour drive from el faro.
towels and linen are provided.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out lawinenstein (200 metres) and schneiderkogel (300 metres).
some rooms have views of the mountain or city.
featuring a terrace, the korab restaurant serves polish and international dishes, and features a selection of vegetarian dishes.
all of the central inn’s rooms are air conditioned and have private bathrooms with a bathtub.
tudor motor lodge hamilton is just 3 minutes' drive from skycity casino and hamilton train station.
this apartment offers a balcony, washing machine, sofa, dvd player and flat-screen tv with cable channels.
there is a contemporary on-site restaurant, a bar and a nightclub.
riga international airport is located 14,3 km away.
the real de faula golf club is within a short drive.
offering traditional architecture, casa do pomar is set in parada village within peneda-gerês national park.
the krone and lamm are ideal for exploring the scenic hiking and cycling routes of the black forest.
the hotel also has a business centre.
just a short walk from the beach, this hotel is located in the city of marmaris and provides guests with the ideal family getaway.
quinta da regaleira is 1.3 km away, and pena palace is 3 km away.
with a beautiful, sandy beach on your doorstep, you can spend your days at olympia mare in and out of the crystal clear waters of the aegean sea. evenings watching the sunset can be magical.
guests can unwind in indoor and outdoor hot spring baths.
fitted with air conditioning, apartments and studios at residenza dell'olmata - my extra home feature a 32-inch led tv and an equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher.
the nearest restaurant is just 100 metres away.
superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub.
most have a kitchenette with a dining table.
amenities in each unit include a telephone and a minibar.
the air-conditioned rooms provide wifi and parking for a fee.
king abdulaziz international airport is 76 km away.the property offers free parking at a nearby location.
palanga international airport is 5 km away.
different excursions and city tours can be organised upon request.
a shuttle service can be arranged upon request for an additional fee.
berggasthof haldenhof offers a sauna and regional cuisine.
each room comes with air conditioning, and the 24-hour reception offers a tour desk.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
hotel features a meeting room for up to 50 guests.
located in sharjah, emirates palace hotel suites is a fully serviced apart hotel offering guests a range of 1 and 2-bedroom self-catering apartments.
chesetta offers barbecue facilities, a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
regional lower saxon dishes are also served in the evenings and can be enjoyed on the hotel’s terrace.
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport, 19 km from the property.
set in the western tatras mountains, rekreacny dom u strihov is located in the small village of vavrišovo and provides rustic-style accommodation with free wi-fi and free private parking.
toledo cathedral is 300 metres from the property, and the city’s castle, alcázar de toledo, is 5 minutes away on foot.
darwin international airport is 7 km from the property.
a wake up service is offered.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
rooms include a flat-screen tv.
the closest water-bus stop is giardini-biennale, a 7-minute walk from the property.
bbq facilities are also available.
all accommodation features a well-equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
free parking is available at a location nearby.
the indoor and outdoor restaurants serve examples from aegean and mediterranean cuisines.
private parking is available at a surcharge.
the restaurant offers a set menu for dinner including soup, appetizers, main course, salad and dessert.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
it is about a 15-minute drive from the property to bali adventure rafting starting point, and about a 20-minute drive to elephant safari park in taro.
velden is 7 km from the guest house.
the pool area is ideal for sunbathing and relaxation.
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
long market is 700 metres from apartament danziger, while long bridge is 700 metres away.
the hotel serves a daily breakfast which includes products for celiacs.
shewe wana also offers complimentary tuk-tuk shuttle service to the night bazaar.
river apartment offers accommodation in tallinn, 700 metres from d terminal. the unit is 700 metres from passenger terminal a. free wifi is available .
featuring a rooftop terrace with a swimming pool and city views, well and come hotel is located right beside verdaguer metro station and 10 minutes’ walk from sagrada familia.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and fridge.
the mini-hotel is 450 metres from uralsky gosudarstvenny theatre, 600 metres from ploshchad 1905 goda metro station and 900 metres from sevastyanov's house.
all rooms are serviced by a lift.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
local cuisine with organic produce is prepared in the evenings.
set just outside the centre of palma del río, hostal restaurante hermanos zamora features a restaurant and rooms with free wi-fi.
some rooms have an ocean view or a pool view.
guests can also utilize the car rental services to get around the area.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
the nearest airport is ras al khaimah international airport, 42 km from fairmont fujairah beach resort.
a free transfer service to tillamook airport, 6 miles away, is provided.
free public parking can be found on site.
the bright rooms at saarland hotel - restaurant milano come with a seating, a desk and a tv. a hairdryer is provided in the en suite bathroom.
lake sayula and the nevado de colima national park are both within 10 km.
each house features a living room with a tv and laundry facilities.
you will find a fully equipped shared kitchen at the property with an oven, a stovetop, a microwave and kettle.
breakfast is a generous sweet and savoury buffet served from 07:00 until 10:30.
the restaurant serves austrian cuisine and seasonal dishes.
every room at this inn is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
offering mountain views form its private balcony, each unit features floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen cable tv and an electric kettle. the private bathroom includes slippers, free toiletries and shower facilities.
situated in the centre of old town split next to the silver gate of diocletian's palace in split, the la porta is a 5-minute walk to the bus and railway station.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave. a refrigerator is also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
at muchik hostel guests will find a 24-hour front desk.
hotel parc & lac is centrally located in montreux, 20 metres from lake geneva, and offers free wifi access in all areas and air-conditioned rooms.
all apartments at immo alpage location service are equipped with cable and satellite tv, and they have well equipped kitchenettes with a microwave and a refrigerator.
la mela di roma is just 300 metres from rome's re di roma metro station, offering links to the spanish steps, trevi fountain and roma termini station.
each room comes you with a tv and a wardrobe.
many restaurants and bars can be reached on foot from the central in neu-isenburg.
north sunderland is around 1 hour’s drive from northumberland national park, and newcastle-upon-tyne is around 70 minutes to the south.
imperatritsa hotel is located in krasnodar, within a 3-minute walk of krasnaya street. the drama theatre is within a 4-minute walk and krasnodar expo is 5 km away.
guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen.
it includes a lounge with tv, a dining area and a well-equipped kitchen with oven and stovetop.
fort marlborough is just a 5-minute drive away.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the nearest airport is london southend airport, 35 km from homely holidays martello beach holiday park.
set in arrentela, this apartment is 11 km from lisbon. colaco accommodation boasts views of the garden and is 32 km from sintra.
located less than 5 minutes’ walk to rodeo drive, this luxurious two-bedroom apartment provides a balcony.
a souvenir shop is on site, and free wi-fi is available in public areas.
артемида features free wifi .
other facilities at pearl one include a seasonal outdoor pool.
tavernas, cafes and grocery stores are 100 metres away.
at the bohémien, breakfast is served in a spacious and bright lounge, or in the guests rooms.
free private parking is available on site.
at villa mihkel you will find a sauna and barbecue facilities.
the kiel canal directly opposite the schützenheim is ideal for cycle tours and scenic walks.
with outdoor dining area, the apartments include a tv, a seating area with sofa, and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher.
set in the centre of alghero, seaview alghero apt offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi a balcony overlooking the promenade and mediterranean sea.
free private parking is possible 250 metres away from the hotel according to availability, and a large garage is available for guests to store bicycles.
the mississippi river is 350 metres away from the property.
it features beautiful stained glassed windows, original ornate fire places, crystal chandeliers and breathtaking views of the gardens.
air-conditioned rooms feature satellite tv, a safe and minibar. the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
the white cottage is approximately a 15-minute drive from big buddha and samui airport.
the nearest airport is villafranca airport, 10 km from cristina apartment.
a public bus with links to manarola train station and other villages in the national park stops 200 metres from the property.
snorkelling and diving can be done by the beach.
it offers japanese-style and western rooms with free wired internet.
a hairdryer and free toiletries are standard for all units.
the property offers free parking.
lefortovo hotel is minutes from the lefortovo park and palace.
alcam sitges centro is centrally located, just a 5-minute walk from the beach, 200 metres from the main street and 5 minutes’ walk from the train station.
staff are available 24 hours a day.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
offering an outdoor pool, la résidence d'ankerana is located 20 minutes' drive from the centre of antananarivo.
set in a 17th-century olive press, villa il frantoio offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun terrace and spectacular views of the mediterranean sea, positano, and capri island.
snacks and drinks are available in the eleven lounge.
spruce meadows is 20 minutes’ drive from this bed and breakfast.
the en suite bathrooms come with a shower.
konstantinos apartments 2 is located 18 km from lefkada town and 35 km from aktion airport.
located in sunny beach, 900 metres from the black sea and the beach, izola paradise hotel - all inclusive offers an outdoor pool, spa facilities and a restaurant.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
all units are air-conditioned and feature a fully equipped kitchenette with a dining area.
this 1 room apartment has a surface area of 28 m2 and offers housing for 3 guests in 1 bedroom.
each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries.
each apartment will provide you with a free internet access, a private bathroom and a kitchen.
la palma airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
bread roll delivery is available on request.
extras include a desk and bed linen.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries.
dj renoma apartamenty chmielna park is a self-catering accommodation located on the spichrzów island in a historical part of gdańsk. the property is 750 metres from the green gate and 850 metres from the long market.
the hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a living room with a tv. there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the kitchen comes with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
this carthage, texas hotel is 1.6 miles from the texas country music hall of fame.
it offers self-contained accommodation with a private patio and lovely mountain views.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
bundaran hi is 1 km from al thalib hotel syariah, while tanah abang grocery & textile center is 1.2 km away.
apartments at two bedroom guaimas posada condominiums feature a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the property is 900 metres from pärnu city center and 500 metres from pärnu golf club.
surrounded by a picturesque alpine landscape, located directly on wörschachberg, panorama berghotel is located at an altitude of 1100 metres above sea level, providing magnificent mountain views.
located in selcuk, cella hotel & spa ephesus features an outdoor pool, spa&wellness facilities, turkish bath and a sauna.
the großglockner mountain is 40 km away.
ljubljana jože pučnik airport is 89 km away.
michigan international speedway is a 1 hour drive away.
located just off the a10 motorway and just a 15 minutes’ drive from the centre of salzburg, 7 days premium hotel puch-urstein offers free wifi.
the tv offers a selection of satellite channels, with good sports coverage and a movie channel.
club zangador is 600 metres from hotel dabaka, while water slide is 800 metres from the property.
in the surrounding area, guests may easily find a variety of local eateries.
jolly roger amusement park is 3 miles away.
beach screens and deckchairs are also provided.
pollensa town centre can be reached in a 20 minute walk and has a range of dining options and shops.
the rbg bar is open daily, serving a wide range of beverages and cocktails, and sport is shown on the big-screen tv.
several restaurants are found within a 5-minute walk.
it offers a typical andalusian courtyard and free wi-fi throughout.
the property is self-catering but there are shops and cafés within a 50-metre distance.
you can enjoy city views.
the hotel’s private, 2-km fishing stream on one of the most pristine stretches of the gail river is home to a high number of greylings and trout.
free wifi is available.
it features a shared terrace, a garden with fruit trees, and rooms with a private sea-view terrace.
situated in the tree-lined suburbs of dunkeld, dunkeld manor offers a quiet retreat just a 10-minute drive from the johannes city centre.
la casa di kiki offers accommodation in finale ligure, 250 metres from the brach. the unit is 6 km from baia dei saraceni.
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property also offers discounts on entrance to portaventura them park and tarragona cathedral.
at an altitude of 500 metres and surrounded by fruit trees and vineyards, family-run ferienwohnungen lanserhof is set in a farmhouse.
set amidst a lush 10,000-m2 area of purple bougainvillea and geraniums, the cycladic-style agnandi is located on a hill above the new port of mykonos.
the nearest airport is kerry airport, 14 km from the property.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
hidatakayama art museum and yamazakura shrine are both a 15-minute walk away.
tbilisi international airport is 79 km away.
the magellan offers classically furnished rooms with free wi-fi and satellite tv. each comes with a work desk and a modern bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
the town centre is just 100 metres away and the bus station is 500 metres from apartment pusynas.
noria resort guests can play a game of tennis, or enjoy a relaxing massage.
stay in one of the hotel's 36 spacious rooms, all accessible by lift and equipped with all the modern amenities you may need during your stay: free wireless internet, private bathroom, etc.
heidelberg is 32 km from ferienwohnung am wald, while mannheim is 41 km from the property.
in-room dining is possible with room service.
clam pass park is 8 minutes' drive away.
the property is located just 1 km from the famous shankarpur beach.
its rooftop terrace offers scenic views of the petra mountains.
at the restaurant, guests can enjoy several seafood dishes and other mediterranean specialities.
arenas blancas is 65 km from trelew’s airport.
this fourth floor apartment features a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer.
all rooms are decorated with wooden furniture and tiled floors.
an airport shuttle is available upon request.
aberdeen mall, thompson rivers university residence and conference centre and the tournament capital centre are all within 10 minutes' drive away.
the nhow’s 2-level spa includes a modern gym, 2 saunas, and a relaxation zone.
the residence is 7 km from the gra ring road, and a 20-minute drive from fiumicino airport.
national tropical botanical garden is 3 miles away. waimea canyon state park is 1 hours’ drive away from koloa.
the nearest airport is manila international airport, 7 km from all at jazz.
this four-bedroom house features soundproofed rooms, a seating area with a satellite flat-screen tv and a bathroom with a bath, shower and hairdryer.
featuring tiled floors and simple furnishing, all bright units open to a private balcony with views over the garden.
facing west, it also has a terrace with sea and sunset views.
towels and bed linen are available at bulhotel green apartment.
this hotel is about 10 minutes’ drive from old waverly golf course, and about 20 minutes’ drive from waverly mansion.
other facilities include electric heating.
each apartment features a living room, dining area and balcony with pool view.
in-room dining is also possible with room service.
rimini station is 2 km from the hotel, while riminifiera exhibition centre is 3 km away.
restaurants, cafés and bars can be found in limburg’s old town.
the restaurant is open daily and offers typical local and international cuisine for dinner, including homemade bread and cakes.
skopje’s bus and train stations are a 15-minute walk away, and skopje airport is 25 km away.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling, fishing and hiking.
studio in paris grands boulevards includes a seating area with a flat-screen tv and a balcony.
all rooms include a minibar, wi-fi access, and a modern bathroom.
area activities include a gym and cross-country skiing.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
there is a balcony and an air-conditioned dining room.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
car and motorbike rentals are also provided.
homestead bed and breakfast can organize trips to scotia safaris game farm, which is a 1-hour drive away.
guests benefit from free wi-fi, free parking, and easy access to outdoor activities such as hiking, fishing, and golf.
the gardens have a playground for children and a barbecue and bonfire area. a bicycle storage is also available
vaclav havel prague airport is 15 km away.
elegantly decorated, the luxurious rooms of the hotel feature air conditioning, cable tv and free wi-fi.
in the morning, a continental breakfast including hot beverage, bread, pastries, homemade cakes and jams, fresh juice and fruits is served.
at modrzewiowy dwór you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the en suite bathroom comes with hot shower facilities.
oracle exclusive resort is located 500 metres from the tombs of the kings road and from the paphos old town.
it features rooms with a sea view.
the property is 4 km from dubai internet city station and dubai marina.
the tenero shopping centre can be reached within a 3-minute drive and free private parking is possible on site.
columbia regional airport can be reached in 15 minutes’ drive.
ramada - carrier circle is situated 13 km from downtown syracuse and is 16 minutes' from syracuse university.
the kitchen has an oven.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the property offers free parking.
bathroom facilities are en suite, or shared, and include free toiletries.
free private parking is available on site.
at cocohut resort you will find a terrace and a bar. other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children's playground.
free private parking is available on site.
são gonçalo do amarante international airport is 40 km away.
select rooms include kitchenettes.
all of them feature air conditioning and cable tvs.
the property offers free parking.
simply furnished, each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, safe, fridge, electric kettle and seating area.
there is a tour desk available which offers information on local cycling and horse riding trips.
the chalet val 2400 bar is open in the evenings and guests can relax in the hotel’s sauna.
a flat-screen cable tv is included in each room at super 8 carthage.
the property is 37.8 km from les chute's de riviere noire.
the hostel includes free wifi access and a complimentary daily breakfast. guests can also enjoy barbecue facilities free of charge.
a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette is available and private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
summer seedling international villa hotel is a 10-minute walk from jialefu night market, a 10-minute drive from art site of chiayi railway warehouse and a 20-minute drive from the monument of tropic of cancer or chiayi airport.
the property is 6 km from erfurt main train station and 6.5 km from erfurt’s exhibition grounds.
guests can enjoy viennese specialities in the fine dining room or on the terrace with magnificent views over wilhelminenberg and the city.
each holiday home at panoramic case vacanzawill provide you with an equipped kitchenette with a dining area. the private bathroom includes a shower.
free wifi and a flat-screen cable tv are featured in all rooms.
free parking is provided and the city of vichy with its train station is 26 km away.
free wi-fi is available.
orange apple self-catering guest house has a communal shared kitchen, lounge and dining area.
remarkable historic attractions such as ephesus ruins and seven sleepers are within 3 km distance of the property.
it offers clean and comfortable rooms with free wi-fi.
suwanpupa provides spacious rooms with private balconies and free wi-fi in the entire hotel. it is located a 10-minute drive from big c shopping centre and offers an outdoor pool and karaoke rooms.
historic blowing rock city centre is 3 km away.
renovated in 2014, all rooms offer a free minibar, a nespresso coffee machine and a flat-screen cable tv.
free luggage storage is available.
esplanade des quinconces is 1.1 km from hostel20, while place de la bourse is 1.4 km from the property.
situated 700 metres from piazza duomo in catania, this apartment features a balcony with city views and is housed in a 20th-century building.
beechworth is 33 km from warrina motor inn, while rutherglen is 39 km away.
the four-bedroom accommodation will provide a two tv's, free wifi and a dvd player.
the hotel also features onyx music club, with a bowling alley and a billiards table, and two restaurants offering polish dishes.
the property is close to the panajachel dock, where restaurants and bars are located.
the rooms include a private bathroom.
set 800 metres from hans werner richter museum and 1 km from rolf werner museum, ostseeresidenz gorki- park - 03 offers accommodation in bansin.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and laptop.
there are several living and dining areas which include a pool table and flat-screen tv.
free private parking is provided.
located 50 km from yalta, apartment on prospekt kirova 16 offers accommodation in simferopol.
for convenience, laundry and ironing services are available upon request.
breakfast and slippers can be brought to your room on request.
restaurants, grocers and bars can be found within a walking distance.
the apartments will provide you with a tv, a patio and a terrace, as well as a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge.
the robert henri museum, the childhood home of the famous artist, is within one mile of the hotel.
guests can enjoy exploring the area by bicycle, which can be rented from villa misura.
featuring a private beach area and an outdoor pool with free sun loungers and parasols, marin beach apart is located on the seafront of turgutreis. it offers concierge services and free wifi throughout the premises.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom with bath robes, slippers and free toiletries.
each room has a kitchen equipped with a stove, fridge and kettle. the private bathroom comes with a shower.
they include a cable tv.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
take a dip in one of the 2 swimming pools in the complex, which boast sea views.
the guesthouse has a typical andalusian courtyard and sun terrace. there is a seating area with plants.
tbilisi international airport is 16 km away.
you will find a range of shops and restaurants within a 3-minute walk of pirineo suites baqueira aiguestortes.
featuring a garden, guesthouse lautasevic is set in petrovac na moru in the budva county region. budva is 18 km from the property.
rooms come with a balcony, shared bathroom and shared toilet facilities.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a tv and a complete bathroom with shower, toilet and hairdryer.
malaposta’s 24-hour reception desk offers a shuttle service and car rentals for navigating porto’s surroundings.
chandan restaurant serves indian, chinese and tandoori specialities.
the closest restaurant is within easy walking distance from le coeur.
apartamentos km1 tirso de molina has an ideal location in central madrid.
the holzhotel forsthofalm was awarded the eu ecolabel 2012 and the aphrodite spa award for ecology and sustainability.
the rooms are colourful and decorated with paintings and wooden furnishings.
the 24-hour front desk provides fax and photocopying services.
gamla stan and slussen metro stations are 5 minutes’ walk away.
this traditional hotel and restaurant in regional style offers a sunbathing lawn and a beer garden.
the ilfov river flows right next to the property.
bratislava main train station can be reached with a 10-minute walk.
the hotel offers n airport transfer service is available on request.
each morning you will be served a sweet breakfast at the bar, and the à la carte restaurant specialises in local and national cuisine.
a public bus stop with lines around zadar is just a few steps away.
it features a cosy fireplace lounge, free wi-fi and a spacious dining terrace.
just 500 metres from the famous romney hythe dymchurch miniature public railway, this charming guest house offers accommodation with free wifi. the seafront is a 15-minute walk and rye can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
it is open at lunch and dinner.
each room has satellite tv and sea or garden views.
breakfast consists of coffee, fruit juices and assorted pastries.
guests can also relax in the hotel bar where selection of drinks is served.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 68 km from night in magic villins book.
the sandy beach is located 50 metres away.
a tv is provided in each room at armstrong inn.
it is 800 metres to manneken pis, 700 metres to brussels-central train station and 400 metres to brussels’ city hall and the king’s house.
free private, on-site parking is available.
the mezzanine in the living area offers two more sleeping capacities.
the rooms have a flat-screen tv.
the kitchenette has a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a coffee machine.
a selection of thai and international dishes are served at the beachfront restaurant.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
the bathroom includes a shower.
restaurant east & west offers both swedish and thai cuisine.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
guests can play chess and poker at the games room, relax at the tea house, or pamper themselves with relaxing foot massages.
rooms are decorated in simple and rustic style.
the property offers free parking.
guests at villa delle palme can enjoy a sweet breakfast buffet.
the in-house restaurant serves multi-cuisine delicacies.
the super 8 olive branch is located off interstate 78 and is less than 30 minutes’ drive from graceland.
the private bathrooms come with a shower.
the gorée island boarding point is just a 10-minute drive away.
leisurely afternoons can be spent lounging by the pool or with a soothing balinese massage.
a well-equipped summer kitchen is at the guests' disposal.
tastefully decorated, rooms come with large windows, warm mood lighting and modern interiors.
set in peaceful olive groves and fruit trees, il casale dei fiori offers bright rooms with views of the garden and rome in the distance. this family-run b&b is 250 metres from tivoli's mediaeval town, and a 5-minute drive from villa adriana.
light décor with neutral tones adds an elegant touch to the accommodation at b-aparthotel grand place.
jabel hafeet is 55 km from telal resort.
a toaster and refrigerator are also provided, as well as a kettle.
towels and bed linen are provided at villa poletti.
located conveniently in taiyuan street business circle, huyue hotel shenyang xita offers accommodation.
a bus stop is within 500 metres and the csisztapuszta can be reached within 11.6 km.
the nearest grocery shop is only 20 metres from m palace villa apartments.
the hotel is just 1 km from lake schloonsee and lake gothensee, and bicycles can be rented at the hotel.
alanya ataturk square is 7 km from moda marine residence, while alanya castle is 7 km from the property.
the spacious living room includes comfortable sofas, a satellite lcd tv and dvd player.
hostel svoi is situated in pyatigorsk, 300 metres from pyatigorsk bus station.
there is also a washing machine.
the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 5 km from the property.
the nauders ski area and the samnaun ski area are both within 15 km, while the serfaus-fiss-ladis ski area is 20 km away.
dine in the renowned rôtisserie royale, which is furnished in the style of an old abbey and mentioned in several restaurant guides.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
in addition, each room provides a seating area and a private bathroom.
jardin alpin 3 ski lift is 300 metres from apartment bouquetins, while coqs ski lift is 500 metres from the property.
all rooms feature lcd-tvs and you have free access to the spa and fitness centre.
buses to barcelona airport run every 15 minutes from plaza catalunya.
offering a tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom, all rooms at the delfino are functionally furnished and have tiled floors, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a patio. complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has a dining table.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries, bathrobe and slippers.
various dining options and restaurants are within 5 minutes’ walk.
at il piastraio you will find a garden. the property offers free parking.
this split-level villa is spacious and offers free wifi.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property and guests can arrange tours in the neighborhood.
some units include a seating or dining area, and most of them offer views over the aegean sea or the garden.
it features a peaceful beach, water sport facilities and a golf course.
vejle golf club is 2 km away, and packages can be arranged at munkebjerg's reception.
this charming guest house boasts a small korean garden, property-wide wifi and 8 uniquely decorated guest rooms with a private bathroom in each.
the apartments have kitchen facilities including a microwave and a fridge.
breakfast at les costes is served on the veranda overlooking the garden. it includes pastries, marmalade, bread, cheese, ham, fruit and yoghurt.
the hotel offers an indoor pool and suites with a fully equipped kitchenette.
a three-storey wood house is located in the forest on the territory of praha hotel and entertainment complex.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a toaster.
the private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries.
overlooking shiroka polyana lake, romantika forest holiday village comprises a restaurant serving bulgarian cuisine and spa facilities including a sauna, steam bath and a hot tub.
you will find 2 gift shops, a small spa with sauna and a café with free newspapers.
bright suites have carpeted floors and sofas.
the nearest airport is milan linate airport, 10 km from fiera prati apartment.
the sheraton lake como hotel is just a 5-minute drive from the lago di como exit of the a9 motorway and the swiss border.
portorož airport is located 7 km away.
the large swimming pool is surrounded by tropical landscaped gardens with a waterfall.
all units have a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it offers 2 outdoor swimming pools with views of the sea.
guests can relax in the garden or enjoy beauty treatments at the spa.
situated in poreč, apartmani matea is 1.6 km from the euphrasian basilica. poreč main square is 1.6 km away.
it features a contemporary building and an outdoor pool.
québec city jean lesage international airport is 72 km away.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
the alpenbad public swimming pool is 500 metres away.
bungalows offer a choice of fan or air conditioning, and each one has a private bathroom with shower facilities. some bungalows include a private balcony, a tv, and a fridge.
a tv, minibar and seating area are also provided.
free wifi is available in all the private and dormitory-style rooms.
offering an indoor pool and a fitness centre, homewood suites by hilton gateway hills nashua is located in nashua.
on-site parking is possible.
every morning, guests can enjoy a continental breakfast, which includes home madebread and cakes and local cured meats.
the apartments offer a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, stove, electric kettle, microwave, and refrigerator.
less than a 30-minute drive from bitlis city centre, grand yuksel has free wi-fi, spa facilities and air-conditioned accommodation with a satellite tv and a seating area.
finca es figueral is a detached holiday home located in algaida and featuring a garden with an outdoor pool.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing, horse riding and fishing.
the hotel’s chef prepares local and international food, using organic and ayurvedic ingredients.
located 7 km from o2 arena prague in prague, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony. the apartment is 7 km from prague national museum.
guests can use free wi-fi at the public areas.
restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance.
there is a supermarket less than 1 km from the complex.
hova hotel & restaurant is 5 minutes’ walk from hova train station.
room service is available.
located in the centre of niort, mon appart à niort offers contemporary, self-catering apartments with free wi-fi access.
nice côte d'azur airport is located 6.7 km away.
the city centre is at 2 km distance and schiphol airport is a 20-minute drive away.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower.
wi-fi and parking are free.
local specialities are served here and on the attractive garden terrace.
an en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience.
it offers classic-style rooms with free wifi.
with free private parking, casa l ́alqueria is 2 km from valencia port, with links to ibiza and palma de mallorca.
the property offers apartments with a balcony and air conditioning.
nikos kazantzakis airport is located 28 km from the property and heraklio port lies within 28 km.
kurt-schumacher-platz bus and underground stop is 600 metres from the hotel.
patio minihotel is located in tolyatti, surrounded by green forests.
towels and bed linen are featured at guest house galitsino.
facilities include a washing machine and free parking.
dining options include rasika that serves vegetarian indian delights.
there is a 24-hour front desk and shops at the property.
nattermann's restaurant & gästehaus is only 6 kilometres from the nearest motorway exit, yet enjoys a peaceful setting between the romantic rhein and the green westerwald forest.
the a5 motorway is also nearby,
also on offer is 24-hour check in, a guest laundry and dry cleaning service.
a buffet breakfast is available every morning and it includes a fresh orange juice or cereals.
buses to jesolo central station stop 50 metres away, and connect to the coach to venice airport.
the comfort inn historic area is located only a short distance from the famed liberty bell and independence hall.
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet.
it features 3 fully equipped meeting rooms and free wi-fi internet access.
the en suite bathroom features hot/cold showers, towels and free toiletries.
the nearest airport is astana international airport, 12 km from apartments on severnoe siyanie.
a sweet italian breakfast with croissants, cereal and hot drinks is served daily.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out maksimir park and zagreb cathedral at 2 km.
at the manta resort you will find a private beach area and an outdoor pool.
at pousada suites das galinhas guests will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged upon request.
there is a direct bus from the amiga to trudering train station, 2 km away.
free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
the on-site restaurant prepares traditional cretan dishes and fresh fish.
morlaix train station is 30 km away and huelgoat forest is 24 km from this b&b.
reception is open 24 hours a day and parking is free on site.
each apartment at renttarter sans espais includes a seating area with a tv. there is a fully equipped kitchen and a washing machine and tumble dryer are also included.
overlooking the gardens, the yellow hibiscus restaurant offers indoor and outdoor dining.
free wifi access is available.
other facilities like grocery deliveries and a games room are offered.
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and bathrobes.
hotel aashiana bathinda offers a free airport shuttle service to bathinda airport, a 28-minute drive away.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
each of the rooms at the guest house comes equipped with a satellite tv and a private bathroom.
cable tv, free toiletries, and a coffee machine are offered in all rooms at torch lite inn at the beach boardwalk.
valkmusa national park is a 30 minutes’ drive from koivula guest house.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk of the hotel.
rooms at city feature air conditioning and hot water showers.
traditional russian food is served in the vechnyy zov hotel’s à la carte restaurant with pretty conservatory.
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
an italian-style breakfast is offered daily, with homemade cakes, cereals and freshly-baked croissants.
guests can enjoy free wifi access and breakfast each morning at this hotel.
the property offers free parking.
transfer from the airport can be arranged on request and at extra charge.
each apartment has a terrace or balcony.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning, a minibar and tv. the private bathrooms come with free toiletries.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
the hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning service.
free parking is available on site.
free coffee is provided in the lobby each morning.
the bedroom has a tv and a built in wardrobe.
the nearest airport is olbia costa smeralda airport, 3 km from the property.
you can find several shops, and supermarkets in the surrounding area.
guests benefit from a terrace and free wi-fi.
set in giurgiu, 13 km from ruse, g&c features a seasonal outdoor pool and fitness centre.
other facilities include a washing machine, tumble dryer, under floor heating and a wood burning stove.
private parking is available on site free of charge.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
the nearest airport is madeira airport, 14 km from the property.
furnas valley is a holiday home with a garden, situated in furnas, 50 metres from the thermal baths at poça da dona beija.
rooms at eden hotel feature a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries. a tv and a direct dial phone are provided, and the windows offer views of the surrounding area.
set on 2 acres, crescent head resort & conference centre offers rooms with free wi-fi, just 5 minutes' walk from killick beach.
the disable-friendly apartment is also fitted with ironing facilities and a cd as well as a dvd player.
guests receive a 20% discount to solf sauna paradies, featuring a pool and 5 saunas in the same building.
they come with free wi-fi and elegant private bathrooms with black finishings.
packed lunches are prepared on request.
it just 20 metres from restaurants and local shops.
lo scoiattolo is 8 km from the start of the gariglione – pisarello nature protection area.
at trinidad guests will find a communal sauna and a terrace.
apartment aviakonstruktorov 2 is a self-catering accommodation located in saint petersburg, within a 10-minute walk of komendantsky prospekt metro station.
a bathrobe and slippers are provided.
papaya villa mk003 boasts an outdoor pool, perfect for taking in the florida sun.
la rochelle - ile de re airport is 6 km away.
pag lace gallery and salt museum, are within a 2-km radius.
large and quiet guestrooms include a balcony or terrace, flat-screen tv, and kitchenette.
the majestic offers a rich buffet breakfast and an elegant restaurant, which serves a selection of romanian recipes and refined french dishes.
these apartments enjoy a quiet location in green schleswig-holstein countryside, 1 km from the bistensee lake.
they come with a modern bathroom fitted with a shower, plus a seating area and a full kitchen.
one of the double rooms features an outdoor hot tub.
the family-run romanda hotel has a 24-hour reception.
bodrum castle is 1.1 km from bodrum marma hotel bodrum city, while halikarnas club is 1.1 km from the property.
en suite bathroom has shower facility, hairdryer and free toiletries.
bergamo train station is a 10-minute drive from the property.
accepting only mainland chinese citizens, xuzhou homeinns hotel provides cosy guestrooms and free wifi in all areas.
set in a closed complex in sozopol and 10 metres away from harmani beach, stefany apartment offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
flinders street station is just 850 metres away.
fresh bread can be delivered to your apartment every morning.
there is also a lounge with a fireplace.
a hearty breakfast, made with locally sourced ingredients, is served daily and it features a delicious full english.
haus marina also includes a sun terrace.
extras include bed linen.
phuket international airport is 35 km away.
college of the atlantic headquarters is just 1.3 km away.
the family-run hotel offers home-cooked meals in a dining room that overlooks the coast.
the hotel is 1.3 km from sukhbaatar square, 1.5 km from the chinggis khan statue and national museum of mongolian history.
pollença golf club can be reached in 17 minutes by car.
a wide variety of restaurants, bars and clubs can be found within a short walk from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
each one has a tv and a fan, along with a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
you can practice in the fitness room or sample dishes from the gourmet-style restaurant.
indoor and outdoor shower facilities are also available.
the rooms have a simple style, with tiled floors. each will provide you with a private bathroom and cable tv.
friedrichstrasse shopping street and the famous checkpoint charlie are a 10-minute walk away.
all rooms at hotel chillán sur feature private bathroom facilities and a tv with cable channels.
other facilities at apartment kozma include a barbecue.
pula airport is located 9 km away.
it is possible to rent mountain bikes to explore the natural surroundings of the guest house.
bright rooms and apartments in the property will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a balcony.
opening out to stunning sea views, tastefully furnished villas feature a flat-screen cable tv, ipod dock and coffee machine.
a free breakfast featuring various warm bread and coffee are served at the dining room.
cosy and comfortable guest rooms make visitors feel perfectly at home.
guests at la casa de jessy are provided afternoon coffee and snacks and room service is available at all times.
split airport is located 55 km from the property.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
the apartments range in size from studios to 3 bedroom apartments.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
free private parking is possible on site.
free wifi is available in the public areas.
some rooms also offer sea views.
the front desk is available for 24-hour service.
saint isaac's cathedral is 9 km from apartments kakadu 4, while admiralty building is 9 km away.
for more meal option, the seafront area has a wide range of popular restaurants, most serving the algarve’s fish and seafood delicacies.
some rooms overlook the sea, while others provide views of the mountains.
the spacious bathrooms have fluffy bathrobes and designer toiletries.
this non-smoking property is approximately 34 km from bandaranaike international airport.
the hotel zum stern boasts a 400-year tradition of hospitality, and is an ideal place to leave the hustle and bustle of the city behind you, and relax in these beautiful forest surroundings.
at park hotel valle clavia you can relax by the outdoor pool, and enjoy a game of tennis or table tennis.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a minibar.
the bright rooms of kiwi include a wardrobe. the bathrooms come with a shower, toilet, and a hairdryer.
some also feature a balcony.
the hotel also provides breakfast daily, free access to a computer, as well as, free wi-fi.
guests can either have a simple meal in their own room, or go out to enjoy delicious cuisines at local restaurants, which can be found within a 2-minute walk.
decorated with warm colours, rooms are simply furnished and come with either a private or shared bathroom.
at red roof inn & suites herkimer you will find a 24-hour front desk. guests also have access to laundry facilities and a vending machine.
the rooms at hotel riverview offer a desk, satellite tv, a kitchenette and a bathroom with bath or shower.
more restaurants as well as a wide range of shops are located in kirchberg.
it features a tv and a bathroom with a shower.
guests can enjoy local delicacies from the paraiba state as well as some regional dishes at the restaurant of the hotel.
urbino is a 40-minute drive from gli ippocastani agriturismo.
breakfast and fresh rolls are available on request.
marco polo airport is 21 km away.
the property is situated at the foot of the mystic mirnock mountain which has numerous cycling and hiking routes.
the villa will provide you with a seating area with sofa, flat-screen satellite tv and work desk.
pietermatitzburg is 70 km away and the property offers free private parking on site.
set 700 metres from montecatini c train station, hotel splendid offers a restaurant, bar and classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
an indoor pool, hot tub and fitness centre are available.
rooms are also equipped with a cable tv and tea- and coffee-making facilities.
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage or use the computer at the reception.
the hotel has a number of facilities, including a swimming pool and bowling lanes. it offers free wifi access.
this apartment faces the surrounding greenery and includes a washing machine and flat-screen tv.
rome ciampino airport is 17 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
rooms at the hotel come with choices of a fan or air-conditioning. there is a cable tv and an en suite bathroom in each room.
free wifi access is provided in reception.
guests at bunka hostel tokyo can enjoy japanese dishes and sake at the on-site restaurant/bar on the ground floor.
beach equipment is also offered.
the modern kitchen is fitted with a stove, oven and kitchenware and there is an adjoining dining area with a wooden dining table.
lisbon portela airport is located 6 km away.
chengdu north railway station is a 14-minute drive away, while shuangliu airport is a 35-minute car journey away.
haus marion is within 200 metres of the ski areas ahornbahn and penkenbahn, the wiesenhof toboggan run, mayrhofen town centre, shops, and cross country ski trails. mayrhofen train station is 1 km away.
the apartments at the dr.-kamniker-strasse all come with a terrace or a balcony, a well-equipped kitchenette and satellite tv.
located opposite park beach, bosuns inn motel features an outdoor swimming pool, free wi-fi and a covered bbq area. it offers accommodation with a kitchenette and flat-screen satellite tv.
piteşti is 48 km from motel davvero, while călimăneşti is 13 km from the property.
the restaurant serves mediterranean cuisine and south tyrol specialities at dinner.
the nearest airport is baden airpark airport, 51 km from ferienwohnung keil.
tivat airport is located 44 km from apart hotel semashko.
guests can make use of the well-equipped kitchenette, which comes with a dining area.
the hostel provides simply decorated rooms. guests can use a shared bathroom.
all units feature a tv. a refrigerator and kettle are also featured.
guests can enjoy a meal at the neighboring off-site cafes and restaurants across the road in the village.
the air-conditioned apartments are fully-equipped and offer a complete kitchen, a living room with a flat-screen tv, radio and sofa.
como nord lago train station is 4 km from casa stella.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi. the property features a bar and car for hire.
guesthouse copa rio is located 250 metres from copacabana beach and offers a shared kitchen, seating area and free wi-fi.
free wifi access is available.
you will find a tv and a kettle in each room.
sports facilities include a fully equipped fitness centre, tennis and squash courts. a large outdoor pool and junior pool, surrounded by lavish gardens, make the venue truly unique.
sabiñánigo is a 5-minute drive away.
red robin studio is a 5-minute walk from the dinner plain ski run, and a 10-minute walk from the onsen retreat and spa.
the accommodation offers a tv, air conditioning and a terrace.
a 24-hour reception is available for any queries.
private parking is available on site with an additional cost.
located in limenaria village, villa mare nostrum is just 20 metres from the beach.
malibu is 17 miles away.
stanley 1 apartment is 7 minutes’ drive from crown perth and 10 minutes’ drive from hay street shopping precinct.
it has a fully equipped fitness centre and a swimming pool with sun terrace.
room service is available for 24 hour.
the property is a 6-minute drive from jr ishiuchi station.
guests have access to shared bathrooms in the service building, where there is also a laundry room and communal fridge.
a sports centre next to the danube river is at a distance of 500 metres.
activities in the surrounding area include fishing and diving.
a tv is offered.
blue dog guesthouse houses a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage space.
a number of restaurants are located in the surrounding region.
other dining options include kyoto japanese restaurant, the harp bar and blue poolside restaurant & bar.
this bed and breakfast in bas-saint-laurent is 16 km from boule rock golf club.
you can also store your luggage at reception.
offering free private parking, the apartment is 5 km from antalya aqualand.
a generous cooked english breakfast is available.
guests of the sandria praia hotel can enjoy sunbathing and swimming at the outdoor pool area.
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
hotel miami is within 500 metres of naif souq and deira gold souq.
all rooms are equipped with a flat screen satellite tv, minibar and tea/coffee maker.
münchen - in der grünen city offers accommodation in munich, 200 metres from bavarian national museum. the unit is 1 km from hofbräuhaus.
free internet access is available.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a fridge and there is a private bathroom.
a buffet breakfast is offered each morning at château les 4 saisons and it can also be served in the guest rooms.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and hiking.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily.
free wifi is available .
within 3.5 km and 7.0 km shops and restaurants can be found.
the apartment is 300 metres from cracovia stadium, 1 km from the beautiful wawel castle and 1.1 km from the famouls main market square with the cloth hall.
simferopol airport is 51 km from the property.
s-bahn or underground stations are within a 5-minute walk, and tegel airport can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
the sandy beaches of pelekas and mirtiotissa lie within 1.5 km and aqualand water park is 2.5 km away. ioannis kapodistrias international airport can be reached in 18 km.
each room includes private bathroom facilities with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can use an on-site vending machine to buy snacks, have a breakfast in the hotel or dine in the local cafes that are within a 10-minute walk of the property.
guests will also find on-site waterfalls, a natural water slide and excellent bird watching.
each guest room at the atlantide is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels including canal +.
featuring relaxed colours and wood-veneer walls, the air-conditioned rooms at courtyard by marriott tokyo ginza include a tea maker and a tv. guests can relax in the slippers and bathrobe.
hotel kesar palace is 500 metres from jagdish temple and 2 km from fateh sagar lake and udaipur bus stand.
hostal la carretera is located in central torrejón, 20 minutes’ drive from madrid barajas airport and within 2 km of the a2 motorway.
panormos beach is at a distance of 500 metres.
it offers a multi-cuisine restaurant and 24-hour room service.
drinks and coffee are offered at the bar.
featuring an on-site fitness centre and free wifi access, this self-catering accommodation is located in the city centre of seattle, washington.
certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
waldhotel fletschorn is located in a secluded spot just outside saas fee.
extras include bed linen and cleaning products.
sochi autodrom is 3 km from daniela guest house , while iceberg skating palace is 3.6 km away.
omni shoreham offers tasteful and comfortable accommodations.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
shops are at 100m, restaurants at 800m from the property.
the property comprises 4 bedrooms, each with a private bathroom with a shower.
a grocery shop is just 200 metres away.
this intimate uppsala hotel is housed in a 19th-century building, 100 metres from the uppsala cathedral.
2 pièces palais festivals, rue macé is a self-catering accommodation located in the centre of cannes, just a 2-minute walk from the famous croisette and a 5-minute walk from the palais des festivals de cannes.
guests wake up to a breakfast buffet which is provided each morning while many restaurants and cafés are within a 5-minute walk.
these modern apartments are located near the centre of st. petersburg, within a 10-minute drive of the nevskiy prospekt.
plaza real, the commercial area, is 3 km away.
fuheng chinese restaurant serves a variety of chinese dishes.
the hotel houses an à-la-carte restaurant serving bulgarian and european cuisine.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
the tour desk can help organise hiking trips and offers bicycle rentals.
the modern home's apartment features high-quality furnishings, a washing machine and barbecue facilities.
guests can enjoy meals and fresh coffee at the on-site restaurant and café.
free wifi access is available here. santa lucia hill is a 10-minute car ride away.
free tea/coffee and sweets are available in the lobby throughout the day.
ennio tadini stadium is less than a 5-minute drive from apartment parmense.
high-quality evening meals can also be provided, and the hotel also has a bar, dining area and function room for larger events.
the property is 38 km from the city of lecce and 45 km from otranto.
the rooms include a freeview tv and tea and coffee making facilities.
grand hotel villa itria offers spacious, air-conditioned rooms, 400 metres from viagrande centre. the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and a wellness centre.
the apartments face casa verragoli’s garden and the surrounding hills, and each has a kitchenette and a fully fitted private bathroom.
mui ne bo ke is 3.9 km away.
the shared bathroom amenities are in the hallway.
other facilities include a wood burning stove, some under floor heating, washing machine and a tumble dryer.
merino benitez international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
rusiń-ski ski lift is located 4.5 km away.
at bkr ooty gate hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
the ground-floor studio comes with a small seating area in front, while the 2 studios on upper floors share a furnished terrace.
each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bathrobes.
it offers free wi-fi, communal bbq facilities and rooms with a microwave.
featuring a 3-storey mansion in ottoman architecture, gokgozoglu pansiyon is situated in the city centre with a typical safranbolu house.
a variety of dishes are served in the marina club restaurant.
guests may enjoy their breakfast either on the boat or at a nearby restaurant.
guests will also enjoy flat-screen tvs and mp3 compatible clock radios.
the apartment will provide you with a tv and air conditioning. there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a fridge.
the modern apartments with white tiled floors offer both air conditioning and a fan, a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a balcony, wardrobe, and private bathroom.
the kaboca hun guest house can be found in quiet surroundings in the centre of esztergom in the scenic danube bend.
guests can also enjoy in-room cable tv.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including diving and fishing.
at hotel oro verde & suites you will find a 24-hour front desk.
a washer and clothes dryer is also provided for guest convenience.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, seating area and a patio.
a bath and a shower are fitted in the bathroom.
erzincan bus terminal is 2 km from the hotel.
the apartment is 3.8 km from bayterek monument.
aeroparque jorge newbery airport is 8 km away.
you can play billiards at the hotel.
casa de la luz - guesthouse is 250 metres from candelaria church and 100 metres from the house of agustín lara, a famous mexican musician.
the units feature free wifi and private or shared bathroom facilities.
the spa area comprises a hot tub, a sauna, and a thermal water tub.
meals can also be enjoyed in the rooms.
grandbury plantation inn has vending machines and bbq facilities, so guests can enjoy an outdoor meal when weather permits.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge.
at hotel feria nova you will find a 24-hour front desk. other facilities offered include a shared lounge.
the bathroom and toilet facilities are shared.
a designated dining area is available in the garden of the emona house.
this new hotel lies in the pedestrian area in the heart of essen, 500 metres from essen main station and essen cathedral.
perrots house bed and breakfast offers en suite accommodation in the heart of berkeley, 30 minutes’ drive from the cities of bristol and gloucester.
there is a business centre, a kids' club and gift shop at the property.
shops and restaurants can be found in 500 m from the property.
set a 5-minute walk from the centre of orvieto, b&b ippolito offers a terrace and air-conditioned accommodation with wooden furnishings.
parking spaces are limited.
the property offers free parking.
the kursaal hotel is located in calafell, on the costa daurada.
this pet-friendly days inn offers views of lookout mountain, but keeps guests connected via free wi-fi.
lazy waves offers luxurious rooms with duck down duvets, anti-allergy microfibre pillows and high thread count linens and towels.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
valena apartment has 3 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a living room with an open fireplace and a tv.
the rehoboth boardwalk is 5 minutes' drive from the motel. dewey beach is 10 minutes' walk away.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
park güell is 800 metres from studio de la cal, while sagrada familia is 1.5 km from the property.
the private bathrooms have a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
set within the unesco-listed old town and 200 metres from the famous stradun promenade, blue symphony old town is surrounded by numerous bars, shops and restaurants serving mediterranean specialties.
they also boast a private balcony overlooking the ocean or gardens.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
each of the apartments at bergpanorama ruhla include a satellite tv, fully equipped kitchen and a furnished garden terrace.
the nadmorski apartment is spacious and decorated with cream colours and wooden furniture.
the distance to the nearest supermarket and café is 3 km.
facilities include a communal laundry area with 2 washing machines and a large garden, equipped with tables and chairs a barbecue area, and a children's playground.
the attached bathrooms come with free toiletries and a shower.
some bathrooms also have a hydromassage shower cabin.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
the air-conditioned rooms all provide a bathroom, a tv and a minibar.
featuring plenty of natural light, this air-conditioned holiday home has a living-dining area with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
river views can be enjoyed from some rooms.
with a central location behind santa maria novella train station and next to giardino della fortezza, antiche armonie b&b offers elegant rooms with tiled floors, air conditioning and free wifi.
lérins abbey is 5 km from pur blanc, while villa domergue is 900 metres away. the nearest airport is côte d'azur airport, 19 km from the property.
a 24-hour reception is available.
free high-speed wifi and free private parking are available.
at cua lo golf resort, the friendly staff can assist guests with car rental, luggage storage, laundry/dry cleaning services and shuttle arrangements.
guests can enjoy city view.
breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered.
it is 35 minutes' drive from hangzhou east railway station and 55 minutes' drive from hangzhou long-distance bus station. besides it is 40 minutes' drive from hangzhou xiaoshan international airport. for sightseeing, you can take 10 minutes' drive from wushan square and lingyin temple.
air-conditioned apartments at the family-run tagliaferro come with an lcd tv, a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette, and a sofa.
the hotel is 1.5 km from ben thanh market and the reunification palace.
units at the property feature heating and a desk.
guests can swim in the indoor heated pool or relax in the hot tub or spa room.
the private bathroom has a shower and hairdryer.
the award-winning water bar offers a sophisticated atmosphere, plus a choice of spirits and cocktails.
cookware and dishware are provided. room service is available.
free wifi is featured.
the dolomiten organises frequent bike tours for all levels, and you can also rent a bike to explore the green surroundings.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
the heated guest rooms are equipped with electric blankets, a work desk and tv.
spike bar overlooks the golf course and resort grounds and offers local and imported beer and wine.
the rooms are fitted with a tv. some units have a seating area for your convenience.
situated across from the beach of limassol, the 3-bedroom avalon beach apartment offers modern decoration, free wi-fi and furnished balcony with mediterranean sea views.
all units feature a kitchen fitted with a toaster and fridge. a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
the 3-bedroom apartment comes with a private balcony and a fully-equipped kitchen with a washing machine.
dubrovnik is 2.9 km from apartment anita, while cavtat is 10 km from the property.
chillan hot springs are a 10-minute car ride away.
the hotel's leisure centre includes a sauna, hot tub and solarium to help you relax.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and darts.
the hotel is 3.4 km from the fateh sagar lake.
the deak ferenc square metro station is only 900 metres away.
extras include a sofa, a desk and a safety deposit box.
the apartments at can morera feature parquet floors and smart décor.
halmstad city centre is 25 km away.
the luxurious suria klcc is a 30-minute drive away while kuala lumpur international airport is 45 minutes away by car.
it offers a hot tub, an outdoor pool and self-catering apartments with a modern-style décor and free wi-fi.
it is also 20 minutes by car from buenos aires city's centre.
each bright room offers free wi-fi and a mini-fridge.
the room balconies offer great views.
spirit lake municipal airport is 3 km away.
situated in a quiet pedestrian street, the aspasios apartments are just 50 metres from plaza vila de gracia.
the baltic sea is within 2 km, and the dinosaur park is 500 metres from the małgorzata.
situated 8 minutes drive from central bloemfontein, monte christo country lodge offers en-suite rooms, banquet facilities and private parking.
isla cuale, where restaurants, shops and entertainment can be found, is 10 minutes’ drive away.
bari is a 30-minute drive away.
operating a 24-hour front desk to welcome guests, hotel vishal is located in pune. the property offers free parking.
some villas feature a fireplace.
guests at the suisse bellevue albergo have discounts at the bagno eden private beach, 1.7 km away.
the kitchen includes all the necessary cooking appliances, as well as free coffee-making facilities, seasonings, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
located just a 3-minute walk from jr toyama station, hotel prime toyama serves complimentary breakfast to its guests.
a large, cooked breakfast is provided each morning.
the air-conditioned studios feature a kitchenette with fridge.
located in saint-pierre, hotel l'endormi is situated 2 km from the beach and offers free wifi in public areas, as well as private parking on site.
linen and towels are provided.
leuca is a 30-minute drive away.
sudak is 25 km from mini-pension "sunhotel", while feodosiya is 14 km from the property.
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge.
the nearest beach is concrete paved and located 500 metres away, while a sandy beach can be found at a distance of 800 metres.
the sandy beach of falassarna lies within a 30-minute drive.
surrounded by a lush garden, nikos studios features spacious accommodation with a furnished, spacious balcony or terrace.
located in the peaceful village zuurdijk in the province of groningen, hoes moeshorn offers a duplex holiday home with a terrace and free parking on site.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
at munay rooms you will find a 24-hour front desk, tour desk and a shared lounge with musical instruments and table games.
guests can enjoy a large shared garden with bbq facilities, outdoor furniture and a children’s playground.
towels and bed linen are available.
monuments, memorials and museums along with historic annapolis and baltimore's inner harbor are all nearby.
corrientes city is 40 km away.
the studio provides a terrace and an independent entrance.
the apartment also provides a seating area, and a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries.
the property is within 400 metres of the town’s sights such as saint nicolas’ tower and the sacré coeur church.
the nearest airport is florence airport, 6 km from the property.
comm hotel is located within a 10-minute drive from the poznań city centre.
free wifi is available throughout.
due to group policy, hotel may not accept bookings for 10 or more rooms.
the spacious, private bathrooms include walk-in showers and free toiletries.
massages are available upon request.
central park is a 30-minute walk from the property.
ataturk airport is within 20 km and airport shuttle services are arranged at an additional fee.
it offers air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi access. .
guests can also explore the surrounding area for various dining options.
guests have access to the public lounge, kitchen and dining room.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
guests can enjoy cycling, hiking or skiing during their stay.
each kitchen includes a stove top, a nespresso coffee machine and kitchenware.
it is air-conditioned and includes a washing machine.
the restaurant offers local and international dishes.
a free heated ski room is available directly next to the slopes
there are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and other services within walking distance away. the nearest metro station is hospital clinic, 5 minutes' walk away.
linen is provided.
all guest bedrooms at courtyard san diego solana beach/del mar are equipped with satellite tv, a refrigerator and a microwave.
the continental breakfast is served daily and includes homemade yogurts, jams and bread, and cakes with fruits from the garden.
accommodation features free wi-fi, a fully equipped kitchenette and satellite tv.
guests will find a museum at the property with exhibitions on the history of the congregation.
the accommodation is air-conditioned and includes a seating area, tv and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher.
step out, you may find a wide range of local eateries in the surroundings.
they come with lcd satellite tv, air conditioning and safety deposit box.
pre-packaged products for breakfast and drinks are offered daily in your room.
other facilities offered include a tour desk, luggage storage and a laundry.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the musée des arts et métiers, a 5-minute walk away.
if offers free wi-fi throughout the hotel.
you can sample a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages at the bar, and enjoy your lunch and dinner at nearby restaurants.
offering a private balcony with lovely river views, riverdance apartments are just 300 metres from mooloolaba beach.
the property is 1 km from grand bazaar, 1.6 km from basilica cistern and 2.3 km from topkapi palace.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
apartment jurja dobrile i is located in rovinj.
vegetables, olive oil and wine are produced on site.
the nearest airport is alicante airport, 67 km from the property.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided.
set riverfront to the tiber river, casa testaccio “nel cuore della vecchia roma” offers a self-catering apartment in the heart of rome.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, youddy apartments is situated in florence, 100 metres from ponte vecchio.
featuring a garden and a terrace, albergo la meridiana offers classic accommodation in portogruaro. with a bar, the property is located in front of portogruaro central station.
regional cuisine is served in the hotel’s traditional restaurant.
the property offers free parking on site.
it can be reached in only 2 minutes by car or public bus.
this stylish, eco-friendly hotel is located in mismaloya, 1.5 hours’ drive from puerto vallarta.
the bed and breakfast is 3.6 km from basilica of the holy blood, 3.7 km from belfry of bruges and 3.7 km from the market square.
there are 2 bar areas, where guests can enjoy drinks.
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport, 8 km from the property.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada shangrila is located in ribeirão preto.
ski storage is also available.
it offers luxurious accommodation with free wired internet. leisure options include an indoor pool, spa treatments and a fitness centre.
a seating area with a flat-screen tv and coffee-making facilities are also included.
alternatively, pampering massage services await.
a home-made 3-course breakfast using local ingredients is served each morning at gîte le royal champêtre.
each room offers a view of the mountains or the garden.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
restaurants and pubs can be found within a 5-minute walk from the motel.
there is a shared garden patio with barbecue facilities, as well as a shared tv lounge with a dvd player. the shared kitchen is well equipped and includes an oven and washing machine, and also a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
there is also banqueting rooms for up to 120 people and a large lakeside terrace.
a number of restaurants, bars and cafes can be found nearby.
the bungalow features a living room with satellite tv and dvd player.
cal cabre del priorat is a 15th-century catalan manor house located in pradell, in the mountains, 25 minutes’ drive from reus airport.
offering a tennis court, outdoor swimming pool and hot tub, la bastide d'entremont is a villa located in aix-en-provence.
bike rental is available.
tampico convention centre is a 5-minute drive from the hotel laguna, while playa miramar beach is a 15-minute drive away. tampico international airport is 9 km away.
this colorful and bright apartment is fully-furnished and features air conditioning and heating.
the hotel features a large conference room with modern equipment and a banquet hall.
it is now a 32-bedroom hotel offering free wi-fi, and free parking.
the carefully-decorated urban apartment casa da portela has a balcony which features a panoramic view of the city and of the clérigos tower.
at family hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
originally built in 1840, this charming family-run hotel offers free wi-fi and free secure private parking, right in the very heart of the market town of carmarthen.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom. a tv with cable channels is provided.
it offers free wi-fi in the ground-floor public areas, and free parking.
this and many more local wines can be sampled in il barlanzone's wine bar.
omelettes, eggs and other breakfast dishes are available on request.
hôtel teranga is situated 50 metres away from juan-les-pins train station and only 200 metres from the sea.
the rooms have a 40-inch flat-screen tv, a dvd player and a dining area.
at bed and breakfast one castle street you will find a garden. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a shared dining area.
parking is free here, and sochi train station is just 2 km away.
wuyi mountain jingmin golf hotel is a 5-minute drive from wuyishan tourism area and 2 km from wuyi plaza.
waffles, pancakes, eggs benedict are offered daily at apple orchard cottages. fresh fruit, tea, coffee and juices are also provided.
vending machines are conveniently located at the motel.
chesapeake towneplace suites suffolk is 39.5 miles from colonial williamsburg.
breakfast is optional, and snacks and beverages can be enjoyed on the summer terrace.
they offer a mountain view.
there is an outdoor swimming pool and free public parking is available on site.
this property is 6 km from bon accord lagoon and 4 km from arthur napoleon raymond robinson international airport. piarco international airport is 84 km away.
featuring air conditioning, eightyfour offers accommodation in il-gżira.
a common lounge area featuring sofas and cable tv is also provided.
set in a large castle-like mansion surrounded by a private park, chateau neufays offers 2 spacious suites with kitchen facilities, free wi-fi and a private balcony.
a fitness centre with exercise machines and weights is also available on location.
each holiday home at monolocale sul mare will provide you with a kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
some rooms have a view of the countryside.
villa roberto canovas also includes a sun terrace with a pool and barbecue facilities.
rustic wood walls and traditional sculptures add to the charm of this design property.
meals can also be requested at the homestead at a surcharge.
free wifi access is also available in this property.
cat ba national park is a 30-minute drive away.
chengdu north railway station is 3 km away.
there is also a kitchen in some of the units, equipped with a dishwasher.
baltic beach hotel & spa is located in the heart of jurmala, just 200 m from the central jomas street and has direct access to a private, sandy beach.
featuring free wi-fi, domus gallo is located in rome and offers rooms with a private bathroom. it is 2 km from the colosseum and 3 km from circus maximus.
there is also an electric kettle.
stutteri has a large garden, terraces and a children’s playground.
just a minute’s walk from local dining options, tambunan inn is a 30-minute drive from crocker range and mahua waterfall.
free wifi is available in the lobby.
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet at the hotel.
each also includes a terrace with garden furniture.
at les balcons des pyrénées, other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff, meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
chia is a 10-minute drive away, and cagliari airport is 50 km away.
all suites have been carefully designed, ranging from 38 m2 to 80 m2 in size.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
avenyn shopping street is a 5-minute walk away.
the meadowlands exposition center is directly next to the hotel.
guests can enjoy hearty, full irish breakfasts.
the hotel serves a daily buffet breakfast and has a bar where guests can relax.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv.
several shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 150-metre radius.
japanese yukata robes are provided for all guests and free parking is available.
all rooms at the best western leoso hotel ludwigshafen have cable tv and broadband as well as wifi internet.
the indoor swimming pool offers year-round relaxation and water aerobics classes.
just a 5-minute walk from dinner plain ski run, 360 degrees offers self-contained accommodation with 2 balconies.
a washing machine and an iron are included.
the on-site restaurant serves a variety of cambodian and western cuisines.
they also have a kitchenette, and a bathroom with a bath or shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the hostel’s large, fully equipped kitchen has a dining area. vending machines for drinks and snacks are available on site.
the villa comes fully-furnished with a living room, dining table and an equipped kitchen with an oven. amenities include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and outdoor furniture by the pool.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing and snorkelling.
featuring a private beach on the atlantic ocean, this indialantic, florida property is a 13-minute drive from melbourne international airport.
the property offers free parking.
there is a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided.
located 16km from the historical centre of bursa, the holiday inn is a 4-star hotel on the görükle campus of uludag university. the hotel is surrounded by a pine forest on one side and overlooks uludag mountain on the other.
hotel seoul bj is 6 km from gimpo airport and 50 km from incheon international aiport.
there is a living room with open kitchen, three bedrooms and two bathrooms.
dionysios solomos international airport is 4 km away. zakynthos town, along with the island’s port, is at a distance of 7 km.
at apartment casa alpina you will find a garden.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing, cycling and hiking.
the nearest airport is murtala muhammed international airport, 20 km from indigo hotel.
it offers apartments with a balcony and satellite tv.
car rental and airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with microwave.
business travelers will appreciate access to fax and copy machines.
the dining hall at the aapnoheritage serves local vegetarian and non-vegetarian cuisine.
it has a swimming pool with sea views.
brindisi papola airport is 15 minutes away by car.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
the elegantly decorated rooms feature air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite tv and a minibar.
you can also go swimming on river korana, about 1 km from the property.
the complex also has a handy on-site supermarket.
the city of genoa and cristoforo colombo airport are within 42 km of the property.
the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer, and japanese yukata robes are provided for all guests.
located 1.9 km from luzhniki stadium, apartment mosfilm offers accommodation in moscow.
offering views of the countryside, air-conditioned rooms at posada de alcudia feature wooden beamed ceilings and come with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
within just 150 metres from the de haan’s beaches, apartlogies de coqisserie offers modern rooms, apartments and lofts.
at luxury penthouse kitzbühel, a hot tub and a terrace are at the guests’ disposal.
other facilities like a children's playground, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered. the property offers free parking.
renz villa hotel is a 5-minute drive to olivarez circle, st. anthony school and tagaytay city.
it features free wi-fi and soundproofed guest rooms with a flat-screen cable tv.
the tower of london and canary wharf can be reached within 35 minutes via public transport.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
in a quiet location near the centre of bad gastein, residence alpenheart is only 500 metres from the stubnerkogel cable car and a 5-minute walk from the felsentherme thermal spa.
the property offers free parking.
nearby you will find mountain-bike rentals and an olympic-size pool.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
sochi is 22 km from gostievoi dom u sati, while adler is 44 km away.
guests can enjoy a large outdoor swimming pool and free wi-fi access in public area.
pula is known for its amphitheatre, one of the 6 largest surviving roman arenas in the world.
elite and premium package guests can also enjoy free drinks at the jungle bar.
located right on the banks of the río dulce river, the accommodations at this resort feature thatched roofs, cable tv and air conditioning.
all the rooms come with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
each room includes a tv. some units have a seating area for your convenience. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the property offers a sauna, a water bike and a boat.
featuring free wifi and a barbecue, villa ros offers accommodation in mirnyy, 200 metres to the black sea coast.
it features a furnished rooftop terrace with views of the town, and has a free wi-fi zone.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
guests of spruce lodge are welcome to relax in the on-site hot tub and enjoy tea and coffee each evening.
you can prepare meals using the apartment’s kitchen, which is equipped with hotplates, a dishwasher and an electric kettle.
they all have private balconies that offer great views of the pool.
a buffet breakfast, including traditional bread and pastries, is prepared every morning at the guest house.
classical-style furniture and warm colours are featured in the azimut hotel voronezh’s smart rooms.
guests can enjoy home-made bread and pizzas at the on-site restaurant which is open from 07:00 to 22:00 daily.
private bathrooms come with a hairdryer, free toiletries, bathrobes and slippers.
amusement park and theatre square are a minute walk from the hotel.
a launderette is available as well.
parking is available on site at no extra charge.
it has a free parking.
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
the cinque terre unesco heritage site is a 10-minute train ride away from levanto train station.
guests can also entertain and make use of hotel francesco’s bbq facilities and garden area.
the property offers free parking.
air conditioning and heating are included and the building offers a lift for guest convenience.
it is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room with fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom. it includes a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player.
featuring an outdoor pool and an a la carte restaurant, d'palma lodge is located in oxapampa, 10 minutes from the main square and 15 minutes from yanachaga chemillen national park by car.
located 10 minutes' drive from levanto’s beach, l'antico borgo b&b is set in the medieval hillside town of dosso.
krabi airport is a 30-minute drive away.
the property offers free parking.
guests will be 35 minutes’ drive from charlotte douglas international airport.
this 4-star hotel is set in a peaceful area in bogota.
a continental-style breakfast is available daily and includes fruit juices, cappuccinos, and croissants.
guests can get a lunch-to-go from the restaurant and explore the columbia river area.
regal plaza hotel & residence is a 30-minute drive from shanghai new international expo centre. it is a 35-minute drive from pudong international airport and has free parking.
flatotel benalmádena offers onsite parking and there is free public parking just outside.
access to our exercise room, seasonal outdoor pool and laundry facilities is also provided.
the studios offer free wifi.
bulgarian and international cuisine is served in the buffet restaurant, which overlooks the pool area and the adjoining terrace.
some include a heart-shaped spa bath or an electric fireplace.
coffee is provided free of charge at the lobby from 15:00-22:00.
it takes 5.5 hours to travel from bandaranaike international airport.
galtür’s sports centre and the centre of the village are only 300 metres away.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided.
a kitchenette with dining area and microwave, as well as a private bathroom with shower, are provided in all apartments.
free wi-fi and free private parking are provided.
you can prepare homemade meals using the apartment’s kitchen, which is equipped with a fridge, a dishwasher and an oven. there is also a microwave.
featuring a restaurant, herdade da fonte is located in castelo de vide. free wifi access is available in this tranquil country house, as well as a daily breakfast.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
there are an additional 2 bedrooms set in the pool house.
offering pleasant views, each room has a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
kanoos residency is 29 km from thirissur railway station and 75 km from cochin international airport.
each of the apartments and rooms at wohnen mit herz guest house includes a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and an en suite bathroom with a shower.
set in the the historic heart of the village of elciego, near the city of logroño, providing you with a tranquil spot in which to enjoy a rural getaway with all the family.
burgas airport is 22 km from the property.
distance to the closest shopping opportunity is 2 km, restaurant - 300 m , closest fishing opportunity is 200 m away.
located next to capital bus station, the property is a 10-minute tuk tuk ride from ochheuteal beach and a 15-minute taxi ride from sihanoukville international airport.
it is fitted with a living room, sound-proof walls, flat-screen tvs, minibar and a safety deposit box.
between november and march, both villas have access to a shared hot tub.
surrounded by a garden, this paipa cabaña campestre el refugio is rustic-style house with a full kitchen and a balcony.
located just 2 km from the hotel, the car park is connected to the hotel by a daily shuttle service, available from morning until night.
the apartment enjoys good transport links, by bus and metro.
the air-conditioned unit is 1.5 km from batu belig beach.
the property provides dual-line internet connection.
hotel esperanza is located in mazatlán.
the nearest supermarket is 2 km away, while pisa is a 40-minute drive from the property.
free wifi is accessible in all areas.
the hotel was built in the 1990’s on this historic site where a 16th century inn once stood.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
malad gorge state park is 23 miles away.
it also offers gluten-free dishes upon request.
each room has wooden furniture, tiled floors and a tv.
flamengo beach and its park are located 500 metres away.
the trip to the kremlin by public transport takes about 10 minutes.
guests can approach the multilingual staff of out of the blue to arrange for fishing and snorkelling activities, tours excursions and ticketing services.
a flat-screen tv, a dvd player and a refrigerator can also be found in each room.
a free shuttle is available from gujo hachiman train station, which is a 10-minute drive away and must be requested at time of booking.
set in a historic colonial construction with a charming central courtyard, qorichaska has comfortable rooms with free wi-fi.
wood hollow golf course is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the air-conditioned suites at wyndham garden león centro max have bright, functional décor.
a table tennis can be enjoyed at no surcharge and hiking and skiing is possible in the surroundings.
little hydrangea b&b is centrally located just a 5-minute drive from the city centre.
offering a buffet restaurant, starway hotel rugao haiyang south road is located in rugao.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. the property also offers free parking.
the schwabenhof produces its own wines and has a private historic wine cellar, which is 3 km away.
begin the day with a hot breakfast buffet served each morning. it features hot coffee or tea along with fresh fruit and pastries.
this guest house is located 25 minutes from torre, the highest point in portugal’s serra da estrela mountain range.
this house boasts beautiful tropical gardens.
the air-conditioned accommodations at this lush property feature a wardrobe, terrace, seating area and tiled floors.
an à la carte breakfast menu is also offered.
served in the patio in fine weather, breakfast here includes sweet and savoury products.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and dry cleaning.
free toiletries are provided in an en suite bathroom.
set in the picturesque village of elham, this refurbished 16th-century inn has en suite rooms, a traditional pub and a garden with views across the elham valley.
the property boasts views of the garden and is 42 km from windsor.
it offers a restaurant, a massage service and western-style rooms with free wired internet.
towels and bed linen are provided.
located along cihampelas street in central bandung, aston tropicana hotel enjoys easy access to shopping areas.
room service is also available upon request.
all rooms have a cable tv and an attached bathroom with shower.
a ski bus stops at the property and the nearest restaurant is just 20 metres away.
with a free airport shuttle service, towneplace suites offers self-contained accommodation off the interstate 90, less than 1 hour drive from central chicago. it features a 24-hour gym and an outdoor pool.
guests are provided with fully-equipped kitchens which come complete with a dishwasher and microwave.
the property offers free parking.
featuring free wifi, apartment on 12-ya krasnoarmeyskaya offers accommodation in saint petersburg. mariinsky theatre is 1.6 km from the property.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv. every room comes with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
on-site car hire service also makes nearby attractions, such as chichen itza, and ek-balam, easily accessible.
the family-run paschalia studios is located in gerakini village of chalkidiki, just 80 metres from the sandy beach and within 100 metres from restaurants and shops.
long term parking is possible on site.
guests can arrange airport transfers and car rentals at the 24-hour front desk.
odessa international airport is 7 km from roof hostel.
offering views of ripatransone centre from the private terrace, la rocchetta is an air-conditioned apartment with free wifi.
holiday silver hotel is located in downtown hanoi, a 5-minute walk from hoan kiem lake.
the colosseo residence is situated in the centre of kosice.
there is also a garden that guests can explore.
this chalet is 2 km the kandy-colombo main road, 5 km from the rambukkana railway station and 61 km from the bandaranaike international airport.
astana international airport is 15 km away.
also located in the area is a shopping area (900 m away) restaurants (2.5 km away) and a swimming area (900 m away)
this holiday home is 500 m from the sea and 65 km from billund airport.
the owners can help with arranging archaelogical tours, wine tours and boat trips.
it has 3 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and free private parking.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
the property has ski storage space and ski equipment hire and bike hire are available.
accommodation will provide you with a private bathroom with bathtub or shower, air conditioning, tv and a dining area. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
free wired internet is available in the rooms.
free private parking and free wifi are available for guests' convenience.
free private parking is offered on site.
located only 500 metres from the famous capri piazzetta with bars and restaurants, residenza tiberio offers air-conditioned apartments featuring a balcony and partial sea view.
a number of restaurants and coffee shops are located within a walking distance from al rashed hotel apartments.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the property also offers grocery deliveries and laundry facilities.
the en suite bathroom features hot and cold shower with free toiletries as well as slippers.
the local ski and hiking bus stops right outside.
hitzacker train station is about 1.5 km from the zur linde hotel.
astrakhan central station is within a 15-minute drive from nikolaya ostrovskogo street area apartments. the distance to astrakhan international airport is 7 km.
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
the spa area and indoor pool can be used from 07:00.
this 3-star hotel is located on berlin’s famous kurfürstendamm boulevard, a short walk from the memorial church, zoo and kadewe department store.
a ski storage room is available on site.
lagoona retreat boasts free wi-fi, a private pool and beautiful views of korora beach. the house features a large deck area and a courtyard, surrounded by lovely landscaped gardens.
you can also enjoy lunch and dinner at the on-site à la carte restaurant.
every morning, guests can enjoy a continental breakfast at auberge lapointe.
private parking at extra charge is available 150 metres away.
- breakfast, lunch and dinner
bathrobes are provided free of charge.
the house offers an open and a covered terrace with views over the landscaped garden.
air-conditioned rooms at boutique hotel 7 include a tv, minibar and hand-knitted curtains and bed covers.
a laundry service is offered at hostal restaurante méndez.
an array of beaches, bars and restaurants lie within a short driving distance of the property. the air-conditioned unit is 15 km from heraklio town where numerous shops and museums can be found.
guests can take advantage of the café.
you can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather.
all rooms are fitted with cable tv, a minibar and a furnished balcony.
the hotel is less than 5 km away from bahrain world trade centre.
heinrich-heine underground station is a 5-minute walk away.
wifi is free in all areas.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
there is live entertainment with music and oriental dance every evening.
with air conditioning and parquet floors, rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv.
a grocery shop is only 10 metres away and several restaurants can be found on the street of the property.
you can enjoy breakfast at a table outside on the seafront promenade.
airport buses leave from a stop located just opposite the hotel.
pontevedra is a 25-minute drive away.
each has a balcony, some of which overlook the mountains.
with a beautiful golf course of 60 hectares and an extensive sports complex, this stylish hotel offers tasteful accommodation and excellent facilities in picturesque waregem.
you can enjoy a city view from the room.
guests benefit from terrace and an outdoor pool.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
units at the property comes with a kitchen and a balcony with sea views.
the hotel features an indoor hot tub, serves a continental breakfast and offers free wifi.
free wifi and free private parking are available at the property.
the trichy railway station, trichy bus station and tiruchirapalli airport are all 5 km away.
at vörösmál vendégház you will find barbecue facilities.
residence boschetto is set in a small building 30 metres from the pedestrian-only area in the centre of bibione, and 200 metres from the beach.
at my resort hua hin service apartment by chutha you will find a garden and a terrace. other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
the private cinema features a 300-inch screen and direct netflicks access.
ingolstadt is 30 km away.
batman airport is 85 km from dara hotel.
guests can arrange day trips and airport shuttles at the tour desk.
located nearby interstate 276, this hotel offers free wi-fi and rooms equipped with plush bedding along with a flat-screen tv. parx casino & race track is 3 miles away.
benjoy hotel offers modern air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen cable tvs and free wi-fi.
every room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
free private parking is possible on site.
taormina is 20 minutes’ drive from villa fenice.
wailea blue golf course is within 1.5 km from the polo beach club.
guests can go shopping on jean médecin avenue, just 60 metres away.
other facilities at casa sul mare include a terrace.
rooms at the beechwood close hotel and restaurant have bright, modern decor.
l'ile de sees is located a 30-minute drive north of alençon and just 6 km from the centre of sées.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out wilhelm wagenfeld haus (500 metres) and kunsthalle bremen (500 metres).bremen airport is located 4 km from the property.
shops can be found within 1 km.
the villa is located within a 10-minute walk of la floresta train station and a 25-minute drive of barcelona city centre.
the guesthouse is located on praia da camiranga beach.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
right on the cilento coast, the b&b is a 20-minute drive from the paestum archeological site.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
santa teresa view is located 1 km from catete metro station.
camping messilä also arranges ski rental, fishing licenses and free use of a row boat.
the mercure liverpool atlantic tower hotel overlooks the dock front, with views of the river mersey.
you can find a café and a grocery shop 500 metres away, in the centre of drenje.
set in the suburbs just outside of downtown st. paul and surrounded by major corporations including 3m, this oakdale, minnesota hotel offers spacious guestrooms with microwaves and mini-refrigerators.
adhemar de barros airport is 5 km away.
a continental breakfast is available every morning. it can be brought to the comfort of your room.
istiklal avenue is just a few steps away with numerous restaurants, cafés, bars and shops.
an on-site restaurant serves both vietnamese and western food.
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
the en suite bathroom provides free toiletries and a hairdryer.
guests at the towneplace suites can work out in the gym or use the barbecue facilities.
the property offers free parking.
it is also a 10-minute drive from the famous neuschwanstein castle.
guimarães is 41 km from quinta de villasete.
free wi-fi access is available in this homestay.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen, and continental breakfasts are served upon request.
zadar's central marketplace and a supermarket are only 130 metres from the rory. the 1200-year old church of st. donatus and the cathedral of st. anastasia are about 400 metres away, and the sea organ is within 800 metres.
half board includes a small lunch buffet, coffee, tea and cakes in the afternoon, and a 5-course menu for dinner.
located in the heart of the tambopata candamo national reserve, wasai tambopata offers its guests amazon expeditions and free wifi access.
the marble bathrooms boast a separate walk-in shower and bathrobes.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
many restaurants and cocktail lounges are located in the surrounding area.
durmitor apartments holiday also includes a barbecue.
cross-country skiing is possible as trails start within 5 km of the property.
sioux gateway airport is 66 km away.
all units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave.
located 6 km from grand baie, apartment magnolia trou aux biches offers accommodation in trou aux biches. apartment magnolia trou aux biches boasts views of the mountain and is 32 km from flic-en-flac.
shopping and dining on daytona's main street are just 14 minutes' drive away.
arc de triomphe is 1.5 km from apartment avenue victor hugo, while parc des princes is 3.3 km from the property.
guests can relax on the terrace facing the south or in the garden and children can enjoy the playground.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found in amboise and tours is only a 30-minute drive from the property.
the property offers its guests a garden with a terrace and a ski storage room.
it consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and a living room with kitchenette.
au bord du lac is set in the heart of the haute vallée de chevreuse regional natural park and is 2 km from the chateau de la madeleine.
restaurants of the hotel serves dishes from turkish and international cuisines and you can enjoy your lunch or dinner with lake view in yesilada restaurant.
an outdoor pool, sauna and a turkish bath are available.
set within a 6-hectare garden, maison d’hôtes hameau d’amignié is a 20-minute drive from belleville and a 30-minute drive from villefranche-sur-saône.
lounges at neidin view are spacious and guests can relax on the comfortable sofa with the tv. the dining area features a natural wood table and chairs for 4.
santa rosa mall is 7 miles away from fairfield inn and suites fort walton beach. indian temple mound museum is a 10-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is trabzon airport, 2 km from the property.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
the distance to anapa train station is 13 km from pansionat visokiy bereg.
the property has a fireplace, swimming pool and sauna.
featuring a shower, ensuite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the price also includes a continental buffet breakfast.
gozo escapes is located in ghasri in the centre of the island of gozo.
each guest room at the sentinel motel includes a microwave, refrigerator, and 32-inch flat-screen tv.
you can even choose to explore the local area using bikes hired from the hotel.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
at the shared yard or the terrace guests can enjoy their breakfast, read and just enjoy the mediterranean sun, or spend a quiet evening.
they are equipped with free wi-fi access, satellite channels on a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
free use of bicycles is available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for cycling.
you can enjoy a sweet and savoury buffet-style breakfast daily at the 4-star hotel erbavoglio.
the hotel restaurant provides fine cuisine in a comfortable atmosphere.
the apartment is 11 km from church of the savior on spilled blood.
it features a spa, a restaurant, and a living room with free wi-fi and an open fireplace.
athens international airport is at 32 km.
tamna stay hotel jeju’s 24-hour front desk provides concierge, currency exchange and luggage storage services.
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport, 19 km from the property.
guests will find seaside cafés and tavern serving cretan cuisine within a 2-minute walk.
featuring free wi-fi, adele apartments offers modern apartments in yekaterinburg.
taksim square is just over 1 km from the tomtom, and it is a few minutes’ walk to galatasaray high school.
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, oven and kitchenware, while the living room opens onto the terrace and includes a sofa and dining table.
located 3 km from the suceava citadel, hotel gloria suceava features a restaurant, a bar and free wifi in public areas.
the family-managed elisa hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with private balcony and satellite tv.
free private parking is available on site.
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is at guests’ disposal and the property is fitted with a lift. free private parking is possible on site and guests can make use of a storage room for bicycles.
the property can accommodate up to eight guests.
hotel delfino is located on the seafront in laigueglia, in the heart of riviera delle palme, overlooking baia del sole, and features a bar and a restaurant.
boasting views to rio de janeiro’s glória marina, as well as modern décor, loft gloria design offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi.
rooms at harbour hostel have access to shared bathrooms and a communal kitchen.
it is surrounded by landscaped gardens, and offers spacious rooms with private bathrooms.
each includes a tv and private bathroom.
relax in the garden at hotel quattro strade.
rooms at the hotel oscar are equipped with a tv. each has a private bathroom with shower.
free private parking is available on site.
use of the kitchen is possible on request.
free private parking is provided directly at the hotel garni sallerhof.
avantgarde apartments is 50 metres from the sandy black sea beach, just 1-minute walk from balchik’s marina and the beach promenade with its shops and restaurants.
breakfast is served in the encantada’s dining room, located on the hotel’s top floor.
this 4-star resort on the island of pellworm is just 100 metres from the north sea coast.
there is a garden, where guests can relax.
rooms at this homestay has a private entrance, ceiling fan, flat screen tv and cable channels.
restaurants, shops and bars can be found in the property's immediate surroundings. zadar’s historic centre is rich with sights such as the roman forum and the pre-romanesque st. donatus church and the kalelarga promenade. all of them are located within a 50-metre radius.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries.
free private parking is possible on site.
each room type has a tv, heating and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the aparthotel has spacious, mountain-style apartments, with 1 or 2 rooms with double or twin beds.
located in a historic building in the fashion district, this hotel is situated 2 blocks from the prudential center and features suites with a fireplace and flat-screen tv.
free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
some units feature a seating area where you can relax. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the furnished balcony overlooks the sea.
towels are offered.
all rooms come with a computer, plush beddings and a flat-screen tv.
some rooms also offer sea or city views.
each has a tv set and a private bathroom with a shower.
it is 17 km from the green areas of the ria formosa natural park.
the pinars de murada complex includes an outdoor pool, a hot tub and sauna.
each room in guilin days inn hotel is fitted with a tv and an electric kettle.
indaial bus station is 2.5 km away.
only 3 minutes' drive from canton tower, meiru apartment hotel guangzhou bolin apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in guangzhou.
all rooms are heated and soundproofed.
the breezer bar has views of the garden and lake victoria with the carnivore restaurant located in the garden, offering bbq style meals.
wander down to the sunny, sandy beach, or go for a dip in the outdoor swimming pool, with free use of sun beds and loungers.
extras include towels and linen.
after dinner, guests can enjoy a drink in the lobby bar.
fitz's bar offers a selection of light meals, snacks and cocktails made to order.
free private parking is available on site.
dom z witrażami has free private parking and is situated 30 metres from turnia ski chairlift and 150 metres from mały kasprowy, zwyrtlik and ufo ski lifts with joined ski-pass.
vila raluca is situated in mamaia nord, just 70 metres from the sandy beach and less than 5 minutes by car from the main clubs in mamaia.
lake molveno is 12 km from perlot marco appartamenti.
terres rouges lodge is a nature resort in banlung, ratanakiri city.
all come with a minibar and a flat-screen tv, dvd players are available on request.
free wifi access is available.
the villa consists of 4 elegant bedrooms, all offering views at the aegean sea, 3 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a living room.
each air-conditioned villa features a furnished terrace with golf course or countryside views.
all air conditioned, rooms include a flat-screen tv with free sky channels, a minibar and free wi-fi. each has a moorish-style bathroom with bathrobes plus slippers and brass elements.
entertainments facilities at bay view hotel apartments include billiards and a children’s playground.
offering air-conditioned rooms with a furnished terrace and views of a green garden, l'abbiocco is a 10-minute walk from avola's beach and city centre.
the wooden bungalows are facing the garden and have shared showers.
featuring a balcony, all units are air conditioned and include a dining area and a seating area with a cable flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a dishwasher, microwave and toaster.
local activities include fishing, whale watching and horse riding.
your room at the grand hotel comes with free wi-fi, an lcd tv and radio, air conditioning, and minibar.
the moura encantada is a 15-minute drive from santa clara-a-velha.
a small selection of shops, supermarkets and traditional restaurant can be found in the small village of inca, 2 minutes’ drive from the house.
free parking spaces are available on site.
this apartment complex is conveniently-situated for exploring the beautiful, lush asturias region, 500 metres from good road connections and just 6 km from oviedo city centre and the costa verde.
you can also eat outside on the terrace or relax in front of the open fireplace in the cosy lounge area.
this holiday park is 72.4 km from groningen eelde airport.
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
it serves a daily continental breakfast.
a sweet breakfast featuring homemade cakes is offered daily.
specialising in mediterranean cuisine, the doney restaurant provides a chic indoor setting along via veneto.
set in the tuscan countryside, borgo tre rose is just outside valiano and 25 minutes' drive from montepulciano.
this property is less than 15 minutes’ drive from gulf state park and less than 1 mile from the alabama gulf coast zoo.
the games room includes board games and there is a pool table for some entertaining moments.
other facilities at christine house vryses include a barbecue.
there is a business centre at the property.
additionally, austria trend hotel schillerpark linz features a private parking garage.
the gym is equipped with treadmills, elliptical bicycles and weights.
towels, toiletries and a hair dryer are provided.
shared bathrooms come with a shower.
at holiday home pula, guests will also find free barbecue facilities and free parking.
recreational facilities include a safari tour desk and an outdoor pool.
the tour desk can assist with sightseeing activities and travel arrangements.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
hoang de hotel is housed in a modern building. providing affordable accommodation, the property also offers free wifi access and well-furnished rooms cooled with air conditioning.
church of st.barbara is 2.1 km from penzion atc bylany, while church of the assumption of our lady and saint john the baptist is 2.8 km from the property.
shops, cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk.
guests can exercise at the fitness centre or purchase souvenirs at the gift shop.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, b&b la terrazza sul quartiere isola offers accommodation in milan.
the dormitory rooms offer en suite shared bathroom, while private rooms provides cable tv and telephone.
most apartments have wifi.
an equipped kitchen comprises an oven, a fridge, a microwave and a dining area.
the bar offers a fireplace and flat-screen tvs.
it has an in-house restaurant.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
each comes with a minibar and satellite tv. some offer a seating area and air conditioning.
outside there are various areas to site and relax, including a small decked patio, a long, shaded porch and a spacious garden.
the hotel also provides a business centre and gift shop.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, guesthouse white house offers accommodation in kutaisi.
each apartment has a washing machine.
the property is at the heart of florence, close to shops, restaurants and cafés.
the golden tulip’s restaurant serves international and bahian cuisine.
guests are provided 24-hour front desk assistance.
the front desk of tac apart hotel is available 7/24, provides room service, luggage storage and currency exchange.
each room here will provide you with views of the garden or woods.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a fridge.
all rooms have a semi-open bathroom fitted with a shower.
offering free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool, premier residence is located in sunny beach.
the property can help you organise tours to alacati, cesme, kusadasi, ephesus and pamukkale.
the brolga theatre is situated only 400 metres from mcnevins maryborough motel.
trivandrum is 41 km from amelie nelppura beach resort , while varkala is 4.3 km away.
rhodes town is 17 km away.
the guest house is 1.4 km from the lively area of trastevere and 1.5 km from the colosseum.
the apartment will provide you with a balcony, a seating area and satellite channels.
the casino kitzbühel and the golfclub kitzbühel schwarzsee are located 2 km from the ferienhaus bockberg.
free wifi access is available throughout this property.
wifi is provided free of charge in all areas of the palace hotel polom.
live music is available on fridays and saturdays.
a hairdryer, slippers and shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathrooms.
u capu biancu is a 15 minute drive from bonifacio in southern corsica.
the angles is one of the oldest georgian theatres in the country and is a 10-minute drive away.
la spezia city centre is 20 minutes' drive away, while portovenere is a 35-minute drive along the winding coastal roads.
hortamar has elegantly decorated rooms with wooden furniture and modern bathrooms.
fire island national seashore is 12 miles away.
the property is 15 km from jonzac, and a 45-minute drive from central bordeaux and cognac.
gardaland theme park is 4.5 km away.
it is surrounded by the most beautiful churches and parks of the city.
rooms are furnished with hardwood floors, a seating area and a flat-screen tv with cable channels and an ipad.
alternatively, meals can be enjoyed in the comfort rooms.
the property offers free parking.
private bathroom comes with a shower, bathtub and a hairdryer.
the property lies 1.4 km from manchester apollo and 1.7 km from the palace theatre and manchester piccadilly train station.
bathrobes and slippers are included.
enjoy beautiful views of the gulf of venice, the lagoon and the dolomites.
perugia and gubbio are a 40-minute drive away.
surrounded by nature, guests can enjoy their meals in the dining area outdoors in the garden.
the summer house restaurant and the summer house beachside bistro are both nearby.
decorated in a traditional khmer style, the air-conditioned rooms come with cable tv and a work desk. each room has a private bathroom with a hot shower.
there is a golf course in tróia peninsula 25km away, and staff can also arrange dolphin watching tours.
free private parking is available on site.
there is also a double bed in the living room.
other facilities at little secret suite include an igloo sauna and barbecue.
the seaside village of limenaria is a 30-minute drive away.
offering warmly decorated rooms with free wifi, danube hostel is centrally located in belgrade. it lies just 450 metres from belgrade dunav train station.
hotel cape panwa is a 10-minute drive from phuket city centre and a 50-minute drive from phuket international airport.
the property boasts views of the sea and is 600 metres from agia napa monastery.
senhora da guia is situated a 10-minute drive from the guincho fortress and the city centre of cascais.
the en suite shower rooms have complimentary toiletries.
the nearest bus stop and taxi boat station are 300 metres away by foot.
enjoying a beachfront location in the area of perigiali, pansion marina features accommodation with a private sea-view balcony.
flamingo international airport is just 1 km away.
safari club sa serves south african specialties and international cuisines for its breakfast.
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room, in addition to a microwave.
the helpful staff are always on hand offering advice and assistance.
free wifi access is available.
sila blue cruise has barbecue facilities and a bar.
it is a 40-minute drive from hangzhou xiaoshan international airport.
this spacious apartment is located in central bergen, 7 minutes’ walk from bergen aquarium.
parking is free on site.
le notre dame saint michel offers free wi-fi and stylish rooms accessible by a staircase.
the hotel has a spa with a wide range of treatments available, for an extra charge.
each accommodation features a rustic style and offers a tv, air conditioning and a patio.
a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
guests also benefit from free parking facilities.
all are air conditioned and come with flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
some rooms enjoy a balcony and all rooms have a city view.
the holiday home can accommodate up to 5 persons.
a flat-screen cable tv is included in each room at americas best value inn & suites lake charles.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a flat-screen satellite tv and work desk.
a paid public parking is available nearby.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
termini train station is 4 km away.
you can play table tennis and billiards at the resort.
viewpoint is a self-catering accommodation located in sopot.
facilities like ski storage, ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor are offered on site.
there is a terrace for sunny days.
ethos guest house features free wifi throughout the property.
featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also provides you with free toiletries.
boasting a cozy but elegant accommodation, royal reward resort offers a bar and restaurant as well as meeting and banquet facilities.
a rich breakfast is served daily and it includes local organic products.
hotel sercotel spa porta maris is set between postiguet beach and alicante marina, offers views of the mediterranean and free wi-fi.
the property offers a tennis court and game room.
the hotel has a business centre that provides fax and photocopying services.
lecce cathedral is 350 metres from the property.
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
vidin’s city centre is about 700 metres from tangra hotel.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out san siro (6.1 km) and duomo milan (1.8 km).malpensa airport is located 42 km from the property.
rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
you can enjoy mountain view from all the rooms.
guests at willow house can relax with cable tv and free tea and coffee.
parking is available for free. guests may enjoy the on-site restaurant.
a grocery shop is available 50 metres away, while a supermarket can be found 350 metres from the property.
this martinsburg, wv hotel is minutes from shepherd university, harpers ferry national historical park, mountain state university and the antietam national battlefield.
it offers an on-site restaurant and free wi-fi throughout the building.
guests may also rent a bicycle or car to explore the vicinity.
guests enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace with scenic views.
meals can be enjoyed indoors or in the terrace.
guests can use the restaurant at hotel casa miño, located 200 metres away, as well as hotel casa miño’s lounge with its fireplace.
parquet flooring and wooden furnishings feature in the individually decorated rooms.
each of the fully self-contained studios and apartments at voyager apartments taupo includes king-size beds, heating, air conditioning, satellite tv and a dvd player.
bett-point am rathaus is located in potsdam, a 25-minute walk from sanssouci palace.
the house offers free private parking and is 55 minutes’ drive from girona and its airport.
bathrooms are luxurious and come complete with free korres toiletries.
a business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided.
zagreb airport is located 20 km away.
los artesanos beach sits just 500 metres away.
guests can benefit from free use of wifi and private parking.
within 200 m you can find several shops, restaurants, bars, an outdoor swimming pool, ski sport facilities, ski runs and a ski school.
rooms at the evergreen hotel feature contemporary décor, a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, horse riding and fishing.
snacks, drinks and cocktails are available in the körschtal's kilifibar.
kamerlengo castle is 80 metres away.
hotel ciudad de vigo features classic décor and antique furniture.
the accommodations at apartment paris are decorated in a contemporary style and feature a living area with a flat-screen tv and cable channels.
it features its own diving shop, which offers diving courses.
the classic-style apartment features a balcony, washing machine and flat-screen tv.
it includes sweet pastries and croissants.
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain, guest house platan is located in dzhubga in the krasnodar krai region, 39 km from tuapse.
leos janacek airport is 21 km from the property.
free wifi is included.
the en suite bathroom comes with hairdryer, shower and free toiletries.
located in cadavedo, hotel rural casa roja is a restored house from 1889, featuring an indiano architecture characteristic of that period.
villa lochana offers accommodation in dalupotha. free private parking is available on site.
free wi-fi is offered throughout.
this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars for 1 day and buses.
margao bus stand is 5 km away.
a 10-minute drive from seminyak, villa andaman offers a comfortable stay with free wi-fi access and cushioned gazebos by the outdoor pool.
sepulveda is 12 minutes’ drive away.
the property offers free parking.
an oven, a toaster and a fridge can be found in the kitchen. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured.
in the lounge area satellite tv, dvd/cd player, dining table and chairs are also available.
located in somme-leuze, the transparent bubbles of holiday home le pré en bulles offer the unique experience of sleeping in the middle of nature.
the private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
sandcastle apartments is situated in swakopmund, a 15-minute walk from the village’s shops and restaurants.
all rooms have a private bathroom and a minibar.
the villa includes a living room with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
panama city is a 90-minute drive away.
airport shuttle service are available.
tbilisia apart hotel also includes a terrace.
you will find room service at the property.
the a3 motorway is a 40-minute drive away.
it is also less than a 10-minute walk from the bustling silom road.
bicycle and car rental is available, while airport transfer and shuttle services can be arranged upon request.
towels and bed linen are provided.
set within a majestic 4-star victorian manor house, killashee hotel boasts inviting guestrooms each featuring a tv, luxury furnishings and a private bathroom.
free wifi access is available on site.
buckingham palace is 7 minutes' drive away and portobello road market is 11 minutes' drive away.
pompidou centre is 2.1 km from studio jardin des plantes, while louvre museum is 2.7 km away.
cipro metro stop is 150 metres from dolce risveglio b&b.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
scenic views and international food can be enjoyed at the hotel’s roof-top restaurant.
discounts are available at a private car park nearby
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings including swimming, stand-up paddle boarding, kayaking and walks on the beach.
guests can rent ski equipment at the guest house and buy ski passes there.
facilities include cable tv, washing machine and microwave.
free parking is available.
some units have shared bathrooms, while others have a private one.
the encina centenaria’s staff can provide information about the surrounding nature reserve and local cycling, hiking, 4x4, horse riding and wine routes.
the property can assist with car and bicycle rentals.
it offers self-contained lakefront accommodation with a full kitchen.
facing the garden or the pool, rooms at the eden have modern furnishings and tiled floors.the shared bathroom is complete with a shower and a bathtub.
the property offers 3 holiday homes offering a private pool with hot thermal water next to every holiday home.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
all studios and apartments feature an automatic ventilation system for a constant supply of fresh air.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
guadalupe river is 1.6 km from ramada new braunfels, while guadalupe river tubing is 1.6 km away.
the lippischer hof is close to all of detmold’s historic attractions, such as detmold castle, the open-air museum, the theatre and the hermannsdenkmal (monument).
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment inndays at profsoyuznaya.
apart from skiing in the winter, guests can enjoy hiking and cycling.
you can make use of the barbecue area in the 200-m2 garden.
featuring a modern décor, all rooms at gran marquise are equipped with air conditioning, minibar and a 32" cable tv.
the air-conditioned unit is 1.5 km from la scala.
a business center is on site.
a safe, tv and baby cots can also be hired.
free wi-fi access is available throughout.
the bright rooms at hostal reyes feature simple, functional decor and tiled floors.
guests can dine at the restaurant and bar, or enjoy a bbq outdoors.
golf hotel is close to rimini federico fellini airport.
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
the bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer.
the daily breakfast includes eggs, croissants and biscuits, together with cappuccino and tea.
they can also try local dishes with fresh fish.
being close to the city centre, hotel azteca offers easy access to a wide variety of restaurants and eateries.
the modern living room has windows with nature views and boasts a home theatre system and home office with free wi-fi.
a treadmill can be used free of charge, and guests also benefit from free use of a tennis court in the nearby village of courtedoux.
there is a restaurant, which you can taste a variety of food including traditional dishes.
at pichepehuen guests will find barbecue and laundry facilities.
it offers accommodation in rooms and cottages.
guests can enjoy a refreshing dip in the private swimming pool, or soak up the sun on the terrace overlooking the sea.
for active leisure, it offers a sports court for tennis and football.
selkirk lodge has 2 restaurants.
peterborough city centre is less than 5 minutes’ drive away.
extras include bed linen and cleaning products.
during the summer months guests can relax in the sheltered garden, enjoying a wide selection of snacks and drinks.
there is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the games room.
the air-conditioned rooms come with a dry rack and a fan.
the aparthotel offers a buffet restaurant, a bar and a games room with karaoke.
the property has a private beach area and free use of bicycles is available.
hostel podsolnuh offers accommodation in tver.
guests can dine in the hotel's cafe.
dating from 1880, segle xx is a family-run hotel in centre of tremp, capital of the pallars jussà region.
room service is available.
facilities include drinks vending machines and a launderette, while laptop rentals are available.
free barbecue facilities are at guests ́ disposal.
the nearest airport is tivat airport, 16 km from the property.
hilton is located in the city centre opposite the national museum, a 2-minute walk from kuala lumpur sentral station.
the ballybunion golf club old course is just 100 metres away.
guests have access to free parking nearby.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
agios nikolaos port is 2 km away where boats depart for day trips to the famous blue caves and the shipwreck.
guests can enjoy the buffet breakfast in the hotel’s dining room or at the outdoor terace.
featuring traditional wooden furniture and floors, the chalets and apartments at altes gehöft am lormanberg include a kitchen or kitchenette, a bathroom, and a living area with satellite tv, a cd and a dvd player.
classiky mini hotel features free wifi throughout the property.
meeting facilities, laundry and an ironing service are offered for an extra charge.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
all spacious guest rooms feature coffee makers, irons, ironing boards, hair dryers and cable television.
this holiday home is 22 km from biarritz - anglet - bayonne airport.
boasting lush garden or water views, the spacious guest rooms feature wooden flooring, quality bed linens, a flat-screen tv, high-speed internet access and shutters opening onto a furnished balcony.
surrounded by natural forest, ella green cottages is set just 200 metres from ella city.
rooms are styled in dark coloured wood furnishings and white coloured linens.
l'hôtel particulier features free wifi and is ideally located to discover bordeaux city center, and bike hire is available at the property.
basseynaya apart hotel offers studios and apartments in the centre of kiev, near khreschatyk street.
located in holetown, vida mejor offers an outdoor private pool, free wifi and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
galerius wellness bath is 300 metres from the property.
you can play table tennis at the hotel.
masseria storica pilapalucci is a 30-minute drive from bari.
leonardo art by the beach features a rooftop pool, sun terrace and bar offering stunning views of the mediterranean sea and the marina.
guests can start their day with a wholesome breakfast.
at emerald palace premium, guests can find facilities like a games room and luggage storage.
the property offers free parking.
the property can organise excursions in the surrounding hills.
located on the north shore of pei overlooking prince edward island national park, this rusticoville b&b features shore views and access, a daily hot breakfast and free wi-fi.
hotel paradís offers a terrace and rooms with free wi-fi.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
the hostel features accommodation in mixed dormitories and private triple or double rooms.
overlooking montholon square, this 3-star hotel is a 15-minute walk from galeries lafayette department store and the sacré coeur.
free private parking is available on site.
each air-conditioned apartment offers a double bedroom and the bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
it is 3.7 km from sule pagoda and 11 km from yangon international airport.
each room is equipped with an lcd tv and a minibar.
free private parking is possible on site.
at chalé foz do iguaçu there is a garden.
the on-site seasonal tastes serves international dishes, while zen5es chinese restaurant serves local seafood, cantonese and fujian cuisines.
you will find a kettle and air conditioning in the room.
the on-site restaurant serves a variety of shandong dishes.
set 9 km from garlin and 40 km from nogaro car circuit, gite du vic bilh is a traditional cottage with a garden, terrace, tennis court and free wi-fi internet connection.
each room includes a private bathroom with shower.
guests have access to shared kitchen and laundry facilities and a gas bbq.
the dubai fountain is 700 metres from downtown - the signature, while burj khalifa is 900 metres away.
they have a private bathroom with bath, free toiletries and hairdryer.
guests enjoy wonderful countryside views, satellite tv and a minibar.
le bois des sables also includes a hot tub and sun terrace.
there is also a spa bath or a terrace in some rooms.
decorated in pastel colours, the modern rooms at hotel garrah come with a tv, and a desk.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
free private parking is available on site.
a well-groomed garden with barbecue facilities and a children ́s playground, as well as table tennis are also features of the takács apartmanház.
the columbus zoo is 11 miles from the hilliard hampton inn & suites.
ghent's historical centre is 30 km from the property.
pinto guest house has a doctor on call 24-hours a day and offers bicycle rental facilities at a surcharge to those who want to discover the charms of goa on two wheels.
a cooked breakfast is also available on request.
the strandbad sittlinger restaurant is just 50 metres away. there are several other restaurants within 400 metres.
it offers en-suite guestrooms with tv and free wi-fi.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room. it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
nestled in the tranquil wicklow mountains, this 19th-century victorian farmhouse boasts a cookery school run by irish tv chef catherine fulvio, and elegant rooms with mountain or garden views.
casaluce is 34 km from perugia san francesco d’assisi airport.
the kitchen is equipped with all the utensils to prepare meals.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a hairdryer.
there is a fitness centre with an infrared sauna, hot tub and massage on request.
modern facilities include satellite tv, a wii and a telephone.
a shuttle service is available at an extra charge to lisbon international airport, located a 30-minute drive away.
located in les issambres, villa bali offers panoramic sea views, an outdoor swimming pool, a garden, a lounge and a pool house.
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a bidet.
free laundry and free bike storage are featured.
a full english breakfast is served each morning in the dining room and made with locally sourced ingredients where possible. freshly ground columbian coffee is available and made with an artisan coffee roaster.
it offers practical accommodation with free wi-fi.
free on-site parking and 2 boat berths are available.
known for its beautiful colonial buildings, the historic centre of mérida is a 20-minute drive from the hotel.
the bone chapel is within a 5-minute walk, as well as dom manuel palace.
the property is 1.3 km from the church of the savior on spilled blood and 1.5 km from the kazan cathedral.
guests can benefit from a 24-hour front desk and express check-in service.
the apartment features a patio and has views of the garden. it consists of a living area with a flat-screen tv with satellite and cable channels as well as a dvd player, a well-equipped kitchen with a dining area, and a bathroom fitted with a bathtub, a shower and a hairdryer.
in the evenings, the menu offers an international as well as local selection of dishes.
bathrooms are fitted with slippers and bathrobes.
the farm produces fruit, vegetables and meat.
guests can start the day with a deluxe continental breakfast, then explore the nearby theme parks.
some rooms also offer a view of the castle, and the private bathrooms have free toiletries.
set in a property dating back to the 17th-century, the secret gem and the hidden gem offers self-catering accommodation in the fortified town of montreuil-bellay.
set 150 metres from plaza nueva, in bilbao’s old town, la estrella ostatu offers an on-site bar and heated rooms with private bathrooms.
wireless internet is available in the entire penzion benatky free of charge.
rooms are air-conditioned and feature cable tv, a minibar and an en suite bathroom with hot shower facilities, toiletries and a hairdryer.
palace square is 2.6 km from b&b samovar, while hermitage museum is 2.7 km away. pulkovo airport is 16 km from the property.
for meals guests can enjoy japanese tempura dishes, a variety of fast foods and european cuisine within a 2-minute walk of albaraka suites place midtown manila.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
all rooms have a kettle, a tv with dvd player and free wifi.
simple western and chinese breakfast can be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant.
coffee-making facilities are also provided in the rooms so guests can jump start their day.
from the balcony, the apartment has a view onto a garden square.
the san antonio hotel restaurant serves local and international cuisine.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge.
there is a restaurant and a bar in pik palace.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
this b&b guest house is next to the 5 locks of the caledonian canal, walking distance from fort augustus.
the modern rooms at minties open onto a terrace with views of the water or old mill.
some rooms have beautiful sea views and floor-to-ceiling windows.
located at kibris sehitleri avenue, hotel apart alsancak is surrounded with plenty of cafés and shopping centres, izmir adnan menderes airport is located 21 km from the accommodation.
each unit has a flat-screen satellite tv and air conditioning.
free wifi is available.
salerno train station is just 900 metres from the property, while naples is a 45-minute drive away.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave. a flat-screen tv is offered.
the vega is 200 metres from a bus stop linking with verona and trento.
each room features a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a microwave, a small refrigerator and coffee-making facilities at drury inn & suites phoenix happy valley.
guests can use the table tennis for free.
a patio boasts golf course views.
set in different streets of the same neighbourhood, destiny lavapiés features comfortable apartments with free wifi and a tv.
ugento's town centre is a 10-minute drive away and galatina airport is 50 minutes' drive from the property.
situated 200 metres from the e45 motorway, the 19th-century hotel aarslev kro offers free parking and rooms with seating areas and a tv. aarhus aadal golf club is a 10-minute drive away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's, and gift shop at the property.
pulkovo airport is 14 km away.
guest rooms at the alcyon have en suite facilities, a tv and telephone. most have a private balcony.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a dvd player.
just 100 metres from a pretty black sea beach in the town of gelendzhik, mechta offers elegant rooms with a flat-screen tv. highlights include a café-restaurant and a sauna.
cable tv and a balcony with mountain views are featured in all accommodation units. the kitchenette comes with a fridge and a microwave.
the nearest airport is puerto princesa airport, 2 km from we travelers inn.
air-conditioned guestrooms offer spacious interiors with modern furnishings.
málaga airport a 15-minute drive away and málaga city centre can be reached in 20 minutes.
the en-suite bathroom includes a hot shower and amenities.
bicycles can be rented at the front desk.
a flat-screen cable tv, a desk, and a coffee machine are included in each room at quality inn and suites baymeadows.
each room is equipped with a wardrobe, a tv and has a comfortable seating area.
drinks can be enjoyed at the on-site drinx bar.
beijing pagoda light international youth hostel has tidy dormitories and private guest rooms.
korana river is at a distance of 2 km.
accessing other historical and central locations of the city is easy, using public transportation vehicles.
for meals, enjoy delicious thai cuisine served at lanta naraya resort.
some also have a balcony.
lal chowk ghantaghar is 2.6 km from the property.
featuring free wifi in all areas, yuanjia xiaozi apartment qingdao haiyijing offers accommodation. parking is available.
they all feature a nespresso coffee machine with free nespresso coffee capsules.
the nearest beach is 450 metres away.
the gardens of trauttmansdorff castle and the merano 2000 ski area are both within 16 km of the kirchtalhof.
guests can enjoy mountain and sea views from this property.
this beachside, two bedroom holiday cottage enjoys panoramic sea views, accommodates up to four adults and four kids and includes a furnished terrace.
breakfast can be served in the room at guests’ request.
the a1 motorway is only 1 km away.
there is also a communal fridge available for guests to use.
some include a sofa bed and balcony.
the salotto veneziano bar is complete with a private library with free daily newspapers.
the riffelsee ski area is 800 metres away.
boasting an outdoor pool, the hotel provides free wi-fi throughout.
a free hot buffet breakfast is served each morning.
with air conditioning, apartments come with a flat-screen tv and some have wood beamed ceilings.
spacious and airy, all rooms come with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle.
free in-room internet is available.
light continental and rich buffet breakfasts are served in the elegant dining room, with large windows, marble flooring and chandeliers.
guests of hostel gdańsk can use the in-room hairdryer and ironing facilities. they also have access to laundry facilities and a common tv room with a plasma tv.
free local calls and free wi-fi is provided.
you can also enjoy it in the room.
the white rustic villas feature wooden beams and a furnished patio.
nevsehir airport is 42.6 km away.
some units feature a personal safe and an electric kettle, while each en suite bathroom includes a shower, towels and free toiletries.
sheremetyevo international airport is 24 km away.
at marakesh hotel you will find an airport shuttle service, a 24-hour front desk and a bar. other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, an on-site shop, and an ironing service.
lush vegetation with swaying palms and banana plantations are surrounding the hotel, and below every window, balcony or terrace lies the glittering mediterranean sea.
a fitness centre and a hot tub are available to guests of the pensacola beach club condominiums.
the alsterdorf sports hall, the open-air stage in the town park and the alsterwanderweg (alster hiking trail) are just a short walk away.
ideally located in the centre of st peter port, in guernsey, best western moores hotel offers en suite accommodation, a restaurant, a bar and a fitness centre with sauna.
the nearest airport is kazan international airport, 19 km from kazan kampus.
there also is a dark-wood dining area.
one of them also features a wood stove.
each suite at the suites hotel comes with a spacious living and dining area.
talamanca beach is just 5 minutes ́ drive, and the centre of ibiza town and nightlife are 10 minutes by car.
restaurants can be found within walking distance.
bathroom facilities are shared and are equipped with a shower.
featuring a traditional turkish bath on site, this gocek hotel is 1 km from gocek city centre and gocek bay.
a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with shower are featured in all rooms at hotel valo.
murcia-san javier airport is 27 km from the property.
each modern apartment has a living room with a sofa bed and flat-screen tv.
the centre of coleraine is 6 km away and offers a variety of cafés, restaurants and supermarkets.
breakfast at the vallechiara consists of sweet and savoury food such as brioches, homemade cakes, cereal, fresh fruit, hams and eggs.
extras include maid service and fresh linens.
with a peaceful location in oleggio-malpensa, the ramada is near some of europe's most popular golf clubs.
some have air-conditioning and others include a ceiling fan.
the rooms at hotel são lucas are spacious and feature tiled floors and simple décor.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
there are three bedrooms, one with a double bed, one with single beds and one with bunk beds.
each room has a private bathroom.
each bedroom has an en suite bathroom.
kaliningrad is 33 km from the property.
the vibrant life of baška with its numerous cafés, restaurants and bars, as well as the nearest beach, is 2.5 km away.
some have a sea-view terrace.
the guest house also offers car hire.
the property offers free parking.
an airport shuttle service can be also be arranged at a charge.
the costa verde beaches are just a 5-minute walk away.
djamezz lumbung also includes a sun terrace.
acquamarina resort is located in front of the sandy new golden beach.
guests here have the option to prepare their own meals, thanks to the apartment’s fully equipped kitchen.
guests can enjoy a rich breakfast buffet in the morning and the property offers homemade cakes in the afternoon.
wired internet is available.
the elegant accommodations offer a tv and a private entrance.
a full kitchen including a coffee and tea maker is also provided.
a breakfast buffet is provided in the hotel restaurant.
the original building dates back to the 1800s, and is decorated with old photographs that detail its history. large windows, sofas and comfy armchairs create an elegant, traditional ambiance.
it offers free wifi access.
it offers self-service kitchen, laundry service and free wifi throughout the property.
ibiza city is a 30-minute drive away and santa eulária des riu is 37 km from private villas cala vadella.
dubai marina mall is 7 km from hilton mall of the emirates, while the walk at jbr is 8 km from the property.
it is a 20-minute drive from the iconic sydney opera house and the sydney harbor bridge.
set in ulaanbaatar, 3 km from ulaanbaatar opera house, sod hotel features free wifi access and free private parking.
horta airport is 7 km away, and the hotel provides free private parking on site.
the nearest airport is venice marco polo airport, 8 km from the property.
free private parking is available.
you will find a kettle in the room.
free private parking is available on site.
classically furnished rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a seating area. there is also an electric kettle.
free wifi access is available.
surrounded by nature, within 20 minutes’ drive of skövde and skara sommarland theme park, this peaceful b&b offers swedish cuisine, free wi-fi access and a tv lounge with fireplace.
guests also receive a 'handy smart phone' which allows them to make free local and international calls and enjoy internet connection outside the hotel.
a separate ski storage room is available on site.
guests can use the ski storage room at appartements eden.
wanxiang hotel’s hexianfang serves a variety of à la carte chinese dishes.
in the morning, a varied buffet breakfast is served.
this boat has 1 double bedroom and 1 twin bedroom, as well as a kitchen with a microwave.
in the summer guests can enjoy the sun on the lawn as well as the beautiful view of the nearby mountains.
a bus stop with links to trento and milano is 100 metres away.
rooms at the villa del seminario - casa diocesana are fitted with antique furnishings, terracotta floors and rustic-style wood-beamed ceilings.
a wellness centre and a a fine restaurant serving austrian cuisine await you on site.
azzano holidays b&b is 5 minutes' walk from the nearest beach and 10 minutes' drive from the larger town of menaggio.
both the m1 motorway and the a12 are a 5-minute drive away.
the elegantly decorated rooms of the ramada boston are equipped with free wi-fi, cable tv and a coffee maker.
la fonda restaurant serves mexican and international cuisine, while prime original grill steakhouse specializes in meat cuts.
there is also a shared balcony with hammocks, and a private bathroom with a hot shower.
the apartment has a sofa, tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
treviso airport is 73 km from the property.
tours, excursions and transfers are organised by the staff, which is available 24/24.
free private parking is available on site.
each floor at apartments maffei has a shared kitchen fitted with a microwave and coffee machine, where guests can prepare meals.
each room features either garden or street view.
guests can enjoy the free wifi and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
a continental breakfast is available daily.
towels are featured.
meals can also be provided in the comfort of guests’ rooms.
the royal durban golf course is just 2 km away.
concierge services and free usage of computers can be found at the lobby.
free public parking is available nearby.
there is also a dining area.
bonza view also includes a hot tub and offers massage treatments.
the rooms have a hair dryer in the bathroom.
popeye village is 2.5 km from carob hills - villa gaia, while ghadira bay is 2 km away.
following jane eroupean style decoration, each room in the chengdu fuyi hotel is fitted with a set of sofa, a refrigerator and a flat-screen tv.
guests at ibis guimarães can enjoy a breakfast buffet each morning.
in summer, the kärnten card is included in the rate.
the middle of the city is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
free wi-fi is provided in each room at tingle creek, as well as an en suite bathroom, tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
towels are provided.
stepping into the alcove library hotel, guests are greeted by an impressive library design with an extensive book collection.
guests can also enjoy a range of relaxing massages at the sauna.
the hotel offers free airport shuttle, guest rooms with free wi-fi and an on-site restaurant.
paris - orly airport is 13 km from the property.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven.
a sofa, dining table and satellite tv can be found in the living room.
some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax. you will find a kettle in the room.
hotel nesta is 2.9 km from ninh kieu pier, 3 km from can tho museum and 8.2 km from cai rang floating market.
the region offers many outdooor activities including horse riding, mountain biking, tennis, golf, canoeing and fishing.
guests can relax in the pool area with views of the trees and the sea.
all accommodation has air conditioning and satellite tv.
the beautiful mirabello beaches are nearby, including the famous golden beach.
overlooking the internal courtyard, this apartment features a kitchen, and a living area with sofa bed and flat-screen tv.
the due torri apartment is 8 km from noto.
all anastasia rooms have free wi-fi, a tv and a private bathroom with either bath or shower.
free wi-fi is provided in every room at radisson hotel madison.
the property is situated in the auvergne region, famed for its volcanoes and diverse topography and vegetation.
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave.
located in nantucket, massachusetts, this guest accommodation is 10 minutes’ walk from steamboat wharf and the hyannis – nantucket ferry.
the kitchen includes a washing machine and microwave.
set in a peaceful hilly area in carpugnino, villetta laura has a garden and a furnished balcony offering panoramic mountain views.
before retiring to your room, treat yourself to an exotic cocktail or a cold beer in the stylish bar.
situated 4 minutes’ drive from the university of southern california, this central los angeles motel offers an outdoor pool.
greentree inn nanjing software valley sanjiang university express hotel is a 15-minute drive from confucius temple and xinjiekou. nanjing railway station is a 25-minute drive away, while lukou international airport is a 32-minute drive away.
guests benefit from balcony.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
for more than 20 years, the hotel & restaurant bei hölzchen has spoilt its guests with its cosy accommodation, hearty regional cuisine and friendly atmosphere.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven. there is a private bathroom with a bidet and free toiletries in every unit.
a tennis court is on-site at the emerald island resort in orlando/kissimmee near disney.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and canoeing.
the hintertux glacier is 16 km away.
a full kitchen, flat-screen cable tv, free wifi, free private parking are included.
the area is filled with restaurants, minimarkets and churches, all within a 5-minute walk from rossio metro station, offering access throughout lisbon.
ztg mingting shunchang hotel provides spacious and modern accommodation with free internet.
novorossiysk is 15 km from raduga, while divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property.
baldo degli ubaldi metro station is 2 km from the property, while the vatican museums are 1.5 km away.
lake volvi is a short walking distance from the property, while stavros, asprovalta and vrasna areas can be reached within a 15-minute drive.
other facilities offered include luggage storage.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ponte vecchio (400 metres) and strozzi palace (500 metres).
it is located 14 km from castillon-la-bataille train station.
the jeita grotto is 15 km away.
offering a restaurant, hotel patriotismo is located in mexico city just 2 blocks away from patriotismo metro station. free wifi access and a spacious terrace are available.
these apartments are situated on various locations throughout central oulu, within walking distance of the railway and bus stations.
galway is 43 km from craglea lodge, while ennis is 26 km away.
immersed in the quiet hills surrounding lake trasimeno, locanda del galluzzo features a private garden, a swimming pool, and self-catering apartments with free wi-fi.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling, and hiking.
at injap tower hotel, guests may relax with a pampering massage at the spa or make use of the business centre amenities.
guests can start their day with a continental breakfast served daily at the dining area.
the queen anne is a 10-minute walk from grand place and the belgian centre for comic strip art.
each unit features a private bathroom with bathrobes and free toiletries.
stn apartments near the hermitage has studios and apartments of various sizes.
surat thani airport is located 55 km away.
the house is also equipped with a baby cot, a breastfeeding chair and a baby chair.
the property includes ski storage and golf de chamonix is a 5-minute drive away.
decorated with exposed brick walls and tiled floors, rooms at posada colibri have heating and air conditioning.
bettendorf castle is 3 km and national museum of military history is 7 minutes by car.
the river house is a 3.5-hour drive from bandaranaike international airport and a 3-hour drive from colombo.
goa international airport is 20 km away.
a fitness room is also available.
a well-equipped kitchen, dining area and a living room with a sofa set are among the in-villa comforts.
viva maria apartments are located 3 km from central zakopane.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a garden, le bandite country & relax offers rooms in a quiet area a 5-minute drive from avigliano umbro.
shops and restaurants can be found within 500 metres from the benevia’s apartments.
relax in this warm environment, with antique furniture and modern amenities.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
this holiday home is 60 km from kastrup airport.
huahin grand hotel and plaza also offers luggage storage, meeting facilities and shuttle service.
offering garden or marina view, each room is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a seating area.
the bungalow comes with air-conditioning, a fridge and a spacious bathroom with a shower.
guests have free access to the gym and business center.
free wi-fi is available.
the robert crown wilderness area is 2 miles from downtown new port richey. the richey suncoast theatre is 1 minute away.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
guests can get a relaxing massage in the hotel or rent a bicycle to explore the surroundings.
it takes 10 minutes to wucun bus station.
towels and bed linen are provided at cha am beach house.
the house features a living room/dining room, two bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom, as well as a terrace with garden furniture.
at williston microtel inn & suites by wyndham you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and barbecue facilities.
it features a garden with fruit trees and free wifi throughout.
the bright rooms are air conditioned and feature satellite tv.
all rooms include cable tv and a private bathroom, and some rooms have a balcony.
pension valbella is centrally located in partenen and just 50 metres from the ski bus to reach silvretta montafon ski area, 5 km away.
khazret sultan mosque is 400 metres from g-room apartments highvill, while palace of independence is 600 metres from the property.
the můstek metro stop is 700 metres from the property and the národní divadlo tram stop is a 2-minute walk away.
there are also 2 tv lounges. kongsberg aktivitetspark also features free wifi .
a tour desk is available to make further travel arrangements.
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
bus stops can be found in close proximity to the hotel camelia.
set 3.3 km from dolphin island park in punta cana, this apartment features a terrace. the property is 19 km from freshwater lagoons and free private parking is offered.
car rental and dry cleaning services are also offered.
free private parking is available at departamento pelicanos.
shuttle services are available for a surcharge.
novorossiysk is 41 km from guest house na lenina 17, while vityazevo is 12 km from the property.
an lcd tv, ipod docking station and cd player come as standard.
offering a terrace, each room at apartmani pima is air conditioned and fitted with a tv.
tulskaya metro station is a 10-minute walk from hostel danilovsky. paveletsky train station is 2.7 km away, and domodedovo international airport is a 45-minute aeroexpress train ride from this station.
it is 11 km from jodhpur railway station while jodhpur airport is 17 km.
peacefully located on a hill above the centre of samnaun, hotel garni aurora offers panoramic views of the whole samnaun valley.
guests can visit viseu architectural heritage and enjoy a round of golf at montebelo golf course, located within a 20-minute drive.
wenhua hotel is a 3-minute walk from yifa pedestrian street and a 15-minute drive from chimelong paradise.
the nearest airport is split airport, 63 km from apartments glibić 3567.
there are 34 modern rooms which are accessible by elevator.
the hotel also features two bars.
it is a 15-minute drive from shanghxiajiu walk street, and a 20-minute drive from beijing road.
units have wooden furnishings and wood-panelled walls.
each room has a tv.
situated close to the arabian-norman castle of the noble ventimiglia family of castelbuono, this hotel is in the heart of the madonie park and 30 km from madonia golf club.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv with cable channels, a dvd player and a cd player.
just 5 minutes' drive from the beach in catania, residence i love siciliy offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning and heating.
all rooms are equipped with a tv and a seating area.
as sammak sea food restaurant serves fresh specialties.
breakfast includes fresh fruit, homemade cakes, yoghurt and cereal.
a self-service sweet breakfast is included daily.
reception is open 24-hours a day, so someone is always ready to help and offer local advice and recommendations.
castro marina can be reached by a shuttle stopping nearby.
various other tram lines stop right in front of the hotel, providing easy access to all destinations in zurich.
offering a private balcony, studio cathedral is located only 50 metres from the pula archaeological museum and 200 metres from the roman amphitheatre and offers air-conditioned accommodation.
the classic-style apartments offer a tv and fully equipped kitchenette.
this motel has a bar and a restaurant offering regional dishes and fish specialities.
a variety of restaurants serving traditional or international food can also be found in the vicinity.
with garden views and air conditioning, each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
the property offers currency exchange and laundry service.
a hot tub and a fitness centre are featured at the twin falls la quinta inn and suites.
each guest room has a tv, alarm clock and tea and coffee facilities. all have an en suite shower with complimentary toiletries provided.
lake elsinore is 28 miles away.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a satellite tv. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
an indoor hot tub and barbecue facilities are available for guest use.
rooms come with either en suite or shared bathroom facilities.
the chalets have a patio with a hammock and garden views.
there is a selection of places to eat in dungiven, around 10 minutes’ drive away.
guests of the camping de la besse can choose from wooden chalets and bungalows, each with a private, furnished terrace.
rvhotels apartamentos torrevella have 2 large swimming pools and attractive gardens. they are set in the quiet area of la torre vella, just 4km from the costa brava resort of l’estartit.
grand hotel rzeszów is situated in central rzeszów, 1 km from rzeszów railway station.
at villa campo del mar you will find a private beach area other facilities like a children's playground are offered. the property offers free parking.
the bocksberg mountain is just 1 km from the property.
it has air-conditioned guestrooms and free wi-fi throughout the property.
albergo le case is set in a historic stone villa in the marche countryside, 6 km from macerata.
a few minutes’ walk away is pasteur street, where shopping and dining options are available.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing, cycling and fishing.
the emperor (happy valley) hotel is a stylish hotel located a 15-minute drive from the central business district.
all rooms have free wi-fi, heating and a private bathroom.
the castle hotel regensburg is a 5-minute walk from the old town’s cathedral and pedestrian area, as well as the world-famous steinerne brücke (stone bridge).
izhevsk airport is 14 km away.
free internet access is available in this holiday home.
you can enjoy lake view and mountain view.
several activities can be enjoyed in the area, such as hiking, cycling and walking.
the nearest supermarket is 20 metres away.
guests will enjoy free property-wide wi-fi and a 24-hour reception throughout their stay.
the iconic clérigos tower is 2.3 km away, as are the lively galerias de paris's bars.
the property offers free parking.
the apartments my vatican house are 600 metres from roma san pietro train station.
this property features a garden, a traditional restaurant and rustic-style rooms.
gum department store is 2.4 km from apartments on zemlyanoy val 2, while lenin mausoleum is 2.5 km from the property.
guests will be able to cook their meals indoors or outdoors.
certain units have a seating area for your convenience. the rooms include a private bathroom.
towels and bed linen are offered at "casa cansella" a few steps from the sea.
guests can shop at granada mall which is a 10-minute drive away.
guests are invited to prepare home-cooked dishes in the kitchen, which provides an oven and toaster. it also includes a dishwasher and coffee machine, and guests can use the dining area.
basilica of saint nicholas is 1 km from barion home, while petruzzelli theatre is 1 km away.
en-suite bathrooms with large shower and bathtub are standard.
each air-conditioned room is individually decorated.
a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker are standard in every basic room at the americas best value inn rockport-fulton. all rooms include a cable tv and work desk.
cafés, bars and restaurants can be found in the immediate vicinity.
berliner platz underground station is a 5-minute walk from the hotel. this offers direct links to essen main station and the gruga exhibition centre.
furnished with air conditioning, rooms at kapur guesthouse include a flat-screen tv, a sofa seating area and a private balcony.
an array of activities is offered in the area, such as golfing, snorkeling and windsurfing.
a hairdryer is also provided in the en suite bathroom.
you can find a restaurant, bar, and grocery shop within 500 metres of apartment ideal barceloning.
set in sanya in the hainan region, 34 km from nanshan temple, the beachfront sanya i love u yododo inn features a terrace and views of the mountain.
modern air-conditioned rooms come with warm lighting and large bay windows that offer views of the city.
the christiansburg budget inn offers express check-in and check-out as well as free parking.
several other attractions, including historic sites, national museum, forts, underwater sculpture parks, night clubs and hiking trails are 10-15 minute drive away.
including a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, property offers a private bathroom fitted with a bath. a flat-screen tv is provided in a seating area.
rooms are equipped with a tv.
the restaurant features a spacious terrace where guests can dine while overlooking the lush surroundings.
guests can enjoy meals and drinks in the on-site brasserie or on the terrace.
arabella’s comfortable apartments are decorated in either classic or modern alpine style, and offer beautiful views of the surrounding mountain landscape.
a dining area and desk feature in all guest rooms at skovlyst bed and breakfast.
a laptop, safe and washing machine are standard.
it is within minutes walk to jiannan mrt station.
guests can enjoy hiking in the surrounding harz countryside, or visit quedlinburg castle (1 km).
amenities of this modern hotel include a beauty parlour, a souvenir shop and a surcharge underground garage.
the centre of sarandë can be reached in a 15-minute walk by the sea, or you can take the bus.
it is a great palace and a charming private residence in the same time.
an on-site mini market is also available.
regional dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant.
free private parking is provided.
a 5-minute drive from jinjiling park, international youth inn offers cosy and affordable accommodation with free wired internet.
all have stylish wooden floors and either hydromassage showers or a jacuzzi.
playa de la concha beach is 3 km from the property, while san sebastian train station is a 7-minute drive away.
additional services offered by the hotel include a 24-hour reception desk and luggage storage.
rooms are modernly furnished and air-conditioned. they offer a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a wardrobe.
comfort inn and suites eastgate cincinnati features a heated indoor pool and offers free wifi in every room.
the bedroom has a double bed and is fitted with a wardrobe. the bathroom has a shower.
lijiang sanyi airport is 26 km away.
for ldinner, the chef prepares a fine mix of meat and fish dishes accompanied by a buffet of appetizers and vegetables.
it offers free wi-fi in public areas, and a garden where breakfast is served in summer.
forum plaza provides free private parking on site.
it offers an outdoor pool with a sun-lounger terrace, a landscaped garden and free wi-fi in all areas.
the modern air-conditioned rooms come with free wi-fi and a personal computer.
it is a 15-minute drive from klong nin beach and a 20-minute drive from saladan pier.
they come with walk-in wardrobes and marble bathrooms.
fresh towels and bed linens are also provided.
hawthorne town centre and joe’s tavern casino inc are within 6 minutes’ walk away from this motel.
situated in a quiet location off the main road, central gateway motel cromwell features a shared terrace with views of lake dunstan and the surrounding mountains.
other facilities include a tour desk and dvd library at the reception.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 23 km from the property.
car parking is available on site, and security-controlled access is available to most apartments.
they come with a balcony, a living room with a kitchenette, a dining area, a bathroom, and 1 or 2 bedrooms.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
for families with young children, the property also offers a selection of toys as well as high chairs.
free wifi access is available, and free private parking is provided on site.
all rooms are designed in contemporary style, featuring cable tv and an en suite bathroom.
the bus stop for the town centre is directly in front of the house.
there is an outdoor pool and hot tub, tennis court and gym.
songtsam lodges is 90 km from diqing bus station.
a number of outdoor activities can be enjoyed in the area, such as skiing and hiking.
guests can rejuvenate with a workout at the well-equipped fitness centre.
free wifi is offered in the entire building.
located in jazan, al borg al watheer is within little walking distance from the sea, and less than 5 minutes by car from the downtown.
guests of l'oliveraie de marigha can enjoy hiking in the countryside around the hotel and enjoy trips into the atlas mountains and toubkal national park.
köröshegy flekken panzió bed & breakfast is located in a small village of köröshegy, 3.5 km from the balaton lake.
every unit features a private bathroom with a bidet and a hairdryer.
guests can reach the battleship new jersey with approximately 15 minute’s drive.
guests can relax in the property’s garden, furnished with tables and chairs.
friendly and helpful staff are at hand to help you with your sightseeing arrangements. tours of cappadocia, turkish hammams, hiking, horse-riding and hot air ballooning can all be arranged through the hotel.
other facilities at hotel vesileppis include an ice rink, a sports store and a beauty salon.
imperiale luxury suites has air-conditioned apartments with elegant décor and satellite tv. they feature modern kitchen facilities with kitchen islands.
set on a boat in copenhagen harbour, this property is 10 minutes’ walk from christianshavn metro station.
free private parking is available on site.
orla do atalaia is 9km from flat oliveira, whilst croa do goré, a great spot to watch the sunset, is only 20 km away.
free private parking is possible on site.
at garrison square by stay alfred you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
keti's studio in sololaki offers accommodation in tbilisi city, 300 metres from freedom square and 1 km from rustaveli theatre.
the rooms in hostal colonial feature minibars and cable tv.
featuring a bath, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels.
nuoro is a 48-minute drive from the property.
the beach is just 4 minutes’ walk away.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
the simple studio includes a living area with a kitchenette, a sofa bed, and a private bathroom with a bath tub and complimentary toiletries.
free private parking is possible on site and the lake of saint croix is 20 km from the property.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool and comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
nha trang airport is 85 km away.
as for dining option, the on-site taste restaurant serves indonesian and western dishes, or for more dining option, there is a fastfood chain restaurant located just across from the hotel or warung teko restaurant which serves indonesian menu located right beside the property.
this charming hotel offers individually decorated rooms with free wi-fi, many with a terrace overlooking the garden.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge.
premier inn high wycombe/beaconsfield is next to the papermill brewers fayre restaurant, serving good pub classics in a welcoming environment.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, sun house is located in jeju, 13 km from o'sulloc tea museum. free private parking is available on site.
free wifi access is available.
appartamento al mare is an apartment located in lignano sabbiadoro, 1.9 km from porto lignano.
mariinsky theatre is a 3-minute walk away.
it features a spacious garden with sun loungers, and each apartment has a private terrace.
the helpful concierge service can help arrange travel details.
certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the restaurant le chariot serves swiss and international cuisine and a large selection of fine wines.
agrigento is 18 km from the noceto.
mandalay international airport is 33 km away.
nantes atlantique airport is 31 km away.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, fishing and canoeing.
a64 motorway is located 15 km from the property where free parking is available.
offering free wifi and free parking, weinhotel kaisergarten is centrally located in alzey, just 500 metres from the main train station.
dvd players are available upon request.
free private parking is available on site.
extras include a fan.
the bathroom includes a shower and toilets.
this historic hotel enjoys a quiet location outside rastatt, between the a5 motorway and the french border.
top quality american simmons beds are included in most rooms which is not common in most icelandic hotels.
the unit at house alonia has a dining and seating area with sofa and tv.
free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
phoenix yogyakarta offers a well-equipped fitness centre.
barbecuing and organising a bonfire is possible outside, in the garden.
sunday lunch, afternoon tea and evening meals are available at prested hall, and local ingredients are used wherever possible.
rome's shopping street via cola di rienzo is reachable on foot in 12 minutes.
hotel gangothri, located 500 metres away, serves vegetarian indian delights.
there is a common 24h kitchenette where guests can prepare their own breakfast and light meals.
situated in the town of pomorie and set on the shores of black sea, amalteya apartment offers a self-catered accommodation in air-conditioned units with free private parking.
thermopyles village is 25 km and agios konstantinos port is 6.8 km away.
some bars and dining options can be found just steps away from the apartment strahinjića ban.
guests at magiossi hotel can take advantage of the gym, spa and sauna facilities. a playground is available on site while children can also watch cartoon films in the cinema room.
sap center at san jose is 1 mile away.
the hotel features 24-hour room service with a selection of dishes.
ski storage is also available at the apartments.
the baroque town of modica is a 20-minute drive away.
rooms are large and offer different views.
chieri's hotel la maddalena is located 600 metres from the city centre.
free wi-fi access is available in this homestay.
hotel rock sea features free wifi throughout the property.
concordia is located in podgórzyn in the karkonosze mountain range, 15 km from the czech boarder.
the property offers free parking and free shuttle to the airport.
it offers a restaurant and free wifi is available throughout.
hamrafoss holiday home offers accommodation in foss a sidu, right by kirkjubæjarklaustur.
guests can have a relaxing barbecue by the pool, or lounge on the terrace overlooking the garden.
guests can enjoy views of the mediterranean from the albergue’s terrace.
this hotel is a 5-minute walk from the limbecker platz shopping centre and 2 underground stops from essen central station.
a breakfast buffet is served each morning.
the private bathrooms also come with a shower.
accommodation includes a mix of simple but comfortable private rooms and dormitories
guests can relax on the sun terrace, go hiking or fishing and there are bikes available for rent free of charge at the hotel.
free wifi access is provided.
phuket international airport is 18 km away, and the property offers a free shuttle service.
the nearest metro station are moscova and garibaldi.
bars and restaurants can be found 200 metres away.
free wifi access is available.
every room includes a wardrobe and private bathroom with complimentary toiletries.
the property offers free parking.
bussara restaurant offers thai, chinese and international cuisines.
the property offers free parking.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
scorpios-apts also offers free private parking.
dam square and the royal palace are less than 20 minutes’ walk from hostel leidseplein.
kettwiger straße underground station is a few metres from the b&b hotel. this offers direct connections to düsseldorf main station ( 2 stops) and the königsallee shopping area (4 stops).
you will find room service at the property.
verbier can be reached in a 45-minute drive.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
located 12 km from lisbon, the beachfront ocean house offers accommodation in costa da caparica, at a 1 minute walking distance from the beach.
in the vicinity of apartments casa vacanze dante guests will find various restaurants, cafes and stores.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
enjoy international dishes and hearty regional specialities in the landhaus restaurant.
you will find a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage and currency exchange services at the property.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is provided.
free wi-fi access is available.
located in nabran, 500 metres from the caspian sea, atlant hotel is a holiday resort surrounded by forest and offering a large water park with outdoor pools and water slides.
featuring a spa, it is a 5-minute walk from popular kasunanan palace and the batik markets.
featuring stylish wooden furniture, casablanca suite has a spacious living and dining area, with a fully equipped kitchen.
the stylish air-conditioned villa and penthouse are decorated with contemporary artwork.
some rooms include mountain views.
free wi-fi access is available.
nestled in the countryside of vitré, this renovated hostelry offers outstanding comforts while preserving its brittany authenticity and charm.
each includes a private bathroom with a hairdryer and amenities.
if you feel like visiting, sveti stefan island is at a distance of 7 km.
staff can organise excursions, tours, and railway-station and airport transfers.
local restaurants are available within a 5-minute walk.
the accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, jambon offers accommodation in uden. guests can enjoy the on-site bar and à la carte restaurant.
chiang mai international airport is 70 km from the property.
hotel residence stella marina offers panoramic views of ustica port on the east of the island off the coast of sicily.
romena residence is a 5-minute drive from pratovecchio train station and town centre.
motel pikanore is situated 10 km from ploiesti, 1 km from the ploiesti ring road.
rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
the accommodation will provide guests with a tv and a dvd player. complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the yellow teapot guest house is located in rome's borgo quarter.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is available.
the garden also has a barbecue.
located in a quiet part of białystok, willa tanona is surrounded by greenery and features a designated area for bonfires.
a fitness centre and a hot tub are featured at weyburn travelodge hotel.
the ferme de honzac is just a 10-minute drive from both bayonne and tarnos city centres.
one complimentary bottle of mineral water and a selection of tea are provided by hotel adlerhof.
faleolo international airport is a 1-hour and 30-minute drive away.
free private parking is possible on site.
located in the heart of baden-württemberg, less than 7 km from the a8 motorway, the hotel is an ideal base from which to explore the region.
each air-conditioned room includes a bathrobe and slippers.
guests can enjoy a selection of middle eastern specialities, prepared with seasonal and local ingredients in the restaurant.
situated a short stroll from petitenget beach, villa batavia offers elegant villa with free wifi access throughout the property.
all of them have private bathrooms.
kolpino airport is located 27 km away.
guests are welcome to visit the on-site restaurant and taste eastern cuisine.
facilities at sunway alpine village apartment include a children’s playground for young guests.
a continental breakfast is served every morning, which needs to be reserved at reception, and can be enjoyed in the guest's room for an extra cost.
the simply furnished apartments of tzogalis 1 have a kitchenette with dining area.
each comes with a private bathroom, cable tv and heating.
each heated room at pensión lourdes has a desk and access to a shared bathroom.
located 10 minutes' drive from the cotton bowl and 15 minutes from dallas/fort worth international airport, this hotel features an on-site restaurant and indoor pool.
the rooms have a private bathroom.
cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport is 34 km away.
guests are also welcome to make use of the trout fishing lake which is owned by the farm.
poggio piglia is a unique property in the hamlet of macciano in the tuscan countryside.
spa and fitness services can be provided, at surcharge.
the rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors and japanese futon bedding.
the best western hotel bern features a restaurant with a bar.
villa donna bed & breakfast features free wifi.
at hotel beira mar you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
aarhus central station is within 500 metres of the hotel.
it is approximately a 25-minute drive from namsan mountain, and dongdaemun market – the largest market in korea with 5 shopping districts, 26 shopping malls and thousands of shops.
some rooms have views of plaza catalunya.
each one has a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries.
at villa assyam you will find a tennis court.
wi-fi access is available at an additional cost.
it offers accommodation 1.3 km from a beach, accessible through a pine forest.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and bidet.
it can accommodate four people.
the wellness facilities at the property are accessible for an additional fee. bo-ness provides a sauna, a steam bath and a hot tub for an additional fee.
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator.
the ground-floor fortune café is open 24/7 and offers delicacies from all over the world.
free wi-fi is provided at the lounge.
the nearest airport is honolulu airport, 12 km from the property.
elegantly decorated with modern furnishings, parquet floors and soft colours, the air-conditioned villa includes a fully equipped kitchen, a living room, a dining area and a bathroom with spa bath.
the unit provides accommodation with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. the living area has sofas, a cable tv and a dvd player.
a rich breakfast is served everyday in the charming breakfast room.
city comfort apartments are set in a central location of budapest, 150 metres from the andrassy avenue and the bajza utca metro stop.
all rooms include a tv with satellite channels. certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day. you will find a kettle in the room.
quarteira has renowned beaches, seafront bars and a variety of shops and restaurants, all at a 16-minute drive.
all rooms at the kalatówki come with magnificent views of the tatra mountain range.
it offers well-equipped studios with free wi-fi.
the archaeological park of castelleone di suasa is a 15-minute drive away, while senigallia beaches are 40 km from the property.
rome fiumicino airport is 25 km away.
guests can also order room service.
at gallery / surf house you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
bed linen is featured.
ipolytarnóc national park is reachable in 13 km, while salgo castle is 28 km away.
a gift shop and a lift are also featured.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
forte dei marmi is 18 km from casa viareggio, while livorno is 47 km from the property.
el arenal is 23 km from hostal ca'n pep, while magaluf is 39 km away.
the apartment will provide you with a tv with satellite channels and a balcony.
spalding is home to restaurants, pubs, and shops.
free private parking is available on site.
they all open out onto private balconies with views of the pool.
the apartment complex were refurbished in 2002 and is very comfortable equipped. it is situated on the torrenova headland in front of the hotel hawaii mallorca, surrounded by pine trees and palms, just 100 meters from the beach.
green guest house is located 30 metres from night bazaar.
this guest house has a private beach area and bike hire and car hire are available.
a cable tv and a seating area are provided in each guest room at siesta inn. a coffee maker is also included. select units offer full kitchen facilities and a dining area.
all apartments have a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher, fridge and washing machine.
the four-bedroom apartment is provided with a seating area, cable-tv, video player, dvd player and hi-fi system/cd player .
all guest rooms feature a view, an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
it features individually designed rooms and serves a daily hot breakfast.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
a free public bus stopping right in front of the hotel connects it with the paganella ski resort.
the games room features a pool table, giant chess and table tennis.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
guests can enjoy a lunchtime meal at the restaurant after having a drink at the bar.
rooms here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
room service is available upon request.
it is a 5-minute walk from various shopping, dining and entertaining venues, and a 10-minute drive away from jakarta’s business area.
featuring a garden with a terrace, czos apartment is an apartment situated in mrągowo, 800 metres from townhall of mragowo.
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the lake or garden.
résidence du lac is an apartment located a 5-minute drive from la rochelle train station and 4 km from the old harbour.
archipelago wildlife cruises is a 5-minute drive from the property.
alternatively, a range of local restaurants are located within a 5-minute ride away.
free health- and sports activities and a fitness centre are available for free.
private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can arrange both laundry services and shuttle arrangements to visit the city centre.
the accommodation will provide you with a cable tv and a balcony.
free wi-fi access is available.
the hotel has 3 restaurants, including an oriental restaurant, all offering buffet meals.
guests will appreciate free wi-fi throughout the whole hotel, and free parking spaces outside the hotel.
other facilities offered include luggage storage and a laundry.
waikīkī shell is 300 metres from tower 1 suite 2506 at waikiki, while kuhio beach torch lighting & hula ceremony is 600 metres from the property.
the upscale hotel offers 10 meeting rooms, table tennis facilities and a nightclub.
trg republike belgrade is 7 km from belgrade city appartment, while belgrade arena is 9 km away.
north dakota state capitol grounds is 2 miles away.
in addition there is soon to be a spa area with sauna and jacuzzi.
all accommodation at rey carlos offers views from the private terrace.
there is also a sports complex featuring basketball, football and tennis facilities 300 metres away.
free truck and bus parking is available on site at this huntsville space center days inn.
muratori 201 is a self-catering accommodation located in santa teresa, a historical district of rio de janeiro. the property is juts 500 metres from the famous lapa arches and 300 metres from the bars and restaurants of mem de sá avenue and lavradio street intersection.
it offers an outdoor pool, breakfast and beach-service with sunloungers and parasols.
some overlook the historic centre, others the quiet courtyard.
sanremo casino is 500 metres from sea apartment.
free wifi access is available, as well as ski storage.
located in mines view, baguio city, ibay zion hotel features simply furnished accommodation just a 2-minute walk from minesview park.
villa sauci is surrounded by the flora and fauna of rural sicily. it is an eco-friendly property that offers fresh local ingredients, all organic, at breakfast. you will also find extra-virgin olive oil from the villa's olive groves and fruit and vegetables from its grounds.
all are equipped with a private bathroom and shower.
there is also a dining area and a barbecue on the terrace.
breakfast is provided each morning.
located on the shores of santa rosa river, jazmines del rio offers self-catering accommodation in santa rosa de calamuchita.
private bathrooms feature a shower.
hotel staff are happy to suggest short itineraries so that guests can discover the region’s natural, historic and cultural highlights, including el castell de guadalest, cave paintings in famorca, or a wine tasting at celler la muntanya in muro de alcoy.
the hotel also offers car hire.
air-conditioning is also provided in every room.
the apartments all feature a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a microwave, a refrigerator and a south facing balcony with an open fireplace.
it features free wifi throughout the property.
a bus stop next to the house rozić takes guests directly to dubrovnik’s historic quarter.
kobe quality hotel’s 24-hour front desk offers free luggage storage services.
the bavarian bar and restaurant serves a wide range of meals with bavarian beers on tap.
etnographic museum of zamora is 300 metres from ares hotel, while plaza mayor is 400 metres from the property.
other facilities at ciro menotti 4 include a balcony.
featuring free wi-fi, a caeira offers apartments with a private terrace. overlooking the river lérez and the city of pontevedra, the property is 1.5 km from the historic centre.
vida en el lago’s tour desk can help arrange activities like boat rides on the lake, or guests can visit the neighbouring magical village of taxco, a 1-hour drive away.
situated in 3800 m2 of well-established gardens, this b&b is just 2.5 km from beaurainville train station.
private bathroom has a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can arrange airport transfers, car and motorbike rentals through the tour desk.
the living room includes 2 sofas, a fireplace, a dining area and a flat-screen tv.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
in the evening, make new friends and delve into the hearty cuisine in the cosy hotel stube.
it is 3 km to the historic oliwa district.
airport transfers and car rental can be arranged on site.
it offers heated rooms with free wi-fi and a shared lounge with a fireplace.
the hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
as for meals, there are a lot of local restaurants nearby.
the 4-star mozart hotel dates back to the early 19th century.
kandy hill home stay offers accommodation in kandy.
anjou golf and country club is 10 km away, and local activities include horse riding and fishing.
alassio train station is less than 4 km away, while the principality of monaco is a 1-hour drive along the coastline.
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
the accommodation features a balcony with a view of the communal garden and free wi-fi access is available.
shorenas guesthouse offers accommodation in borjomi, 16 km from bakuriani.
it features lots of daylight from many windows and a kitchen with built-in appliances.
yevpatoriya is 30 km away and the simferopol airport is 80 km away.
villa emily is a detached holiday home with a garden, set in andipata erisou in the kefalonia region.
children up to the age of 13 enjoy one free children's meal if at least one parent dines à la carte.
most rooms offer stunning views of the city’s gothic architecture as well as the river.
apartment kurortnyy bulvar 12 is located in kislovodsk, 32 km from pyatigorsk.
it includes a fully equipped kitchen, cable tv and a furnished terrace.
guests can enjoy relaxing in the spacious garden that surrounds the property or discover local eateries and typical cafes in dihovo village.
on-site massages are available for an additional fee with 24-hour advance notice.
private parking is available on site free of charge.
the property features a terrace, a balcony and air conditioning.
the vuokatti ski slopes are 2 km away.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
you can enjoy hiking, bicycle riding and fishing in the surrounding areas.
the hotel has a 24-hour front desk and offers free private on-site parking.
beverages and refreshments are available at the bar.
a private bathroom with amenities and hairdryer is standard.
rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv. each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
metallist stadium is 5 km from hotel osnova stancia, while kharkov historical museum is 6 km away.
located in vienna, danube canal view offers a restaurant, 300 metres from schwedenplatz metro stop and 400 metres from stubentor metro stop.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the on-site restaurant serves fusion cuisine and typical costa rican dishes, made with local ingredients.
a buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the bright conservatory of the gartenhotel luisenhof.
the on-site restaurant serves ukrainian cuisine.
it features self-catering apartments equipped with a fully equipped kitchen, a dishwasher and a dining area.
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
located in heraklion's elegant district, this 5-star hotel offers 2 gourmet restaurants, a free wellness centre and a large freshwater pool. luxurious rooms feature balconies with pool and city views.
points of interest including dyersburg industrial park and dyersburg city centre are only a short drive from the dyersburg hampton inn.
they feature free wi-fi.
located on the edge of ischgl, apart bödalaweg is a spacious apartment with free wifi, wooden furniture and a balcony. the pardatschgrat cable car is 600 metres away.
the cruise also features a restaurant, library and free wi-fi access in its public areas.
pousada do bosque also offers room service.
simply decorated, the guestrooms come with cosy seating areas, flat-screen cable tvs and electric kettles.
offering a garden, apartments malo is set in ksamil, 2.6 km from butrint national park.
rooms at rockville are bright and traditionally furnished, and each one has an en suite bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
some rooms have a small balcony.
hiking and cycling are popular in the surrounding countryside.
de boegschroef offers an attractive base in the port town of delfzijl, not far from the charming centre and the beach.
offering free wifi and a garden, apartments magda 3508 is set in podstrana. church of saint george perun is 2 km away.
the rooms feature parquet floors, a flat-screen tv and wardrobe.
oristano is 46 km from sa lumenaria da raimonda, while nuoro is 38 km from the property.
bikes can be rented free of charge.
the city of klagenfurt is located 12 km from the guest house.
every day, a breakfast buffet is served and a stylish restaurant serving czech cuisine is also available.
free wi-fi access is available.
with some room types featuring a sea view, all rooms here provide guest with air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite tv and a balcony.
the private bathroom comes with bath or shower.
king royal garden inn is just one skytrain station away from the chao phraya river, and a 10-minute skytrain journey from siam square.
karyatides lies 6.5 km from the beach of agios fokas and tinos town.
it offers free wi-fi, free parking and modern accommodation units.
each unit comes with a 46-inch lcd tv, an ipod docking station and a coffee machine.
tihany marina is 1 km from eszter vendégház, while tihany adventura park is 2.1 km from the property.
free parking is available, and the beautiful powerscourt gardens and waterfall are just 5 minutes’ drive away.
all accommodation units come with satellite tv and a seating area. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
bars and restaurants are found in the surroundings.
other property facilities include a 24-hour front desk and luggage storage.
canberra is a 2.5-hour drive away.
until 30 november 2016, guests receive a 25% discount on admission to the römerbad and st. kathrein thermal spas.
the hotel features free wi-fi, an outdoor pool, and a fitness center.
featuring direct access to the beach, 45 croisette - grand hôtel residence offers self-catering apartments in the residence portion of the hotel located a 10-minute walk from the palais des festivals in cannes.
situated in saint petersburg, studio on vadima shefnera offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the property boasts views of the sea and is 1.8 km from lenexpo exhibition complex.
set within the milmari complex in kopaonik, apartman nika offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
hotel provides meeting rooms for those who wish to conduct business on site.
armstrong atlantic state university and hunter army airfield are 8 km away.
it has an à la carte restaurant and non-smoking rooms with free wi-fi.
ireland west airport knock is 41 km from the property.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
the hotel is 2 km from montpellier train station and 9 km from montpellier - mediterranee airport.
the galmondo is located in galaţi’s commercial centre and offers its own restaurant with a summer terrace.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
all include satellite tv, a minibar and a tea/coffee maker.
there is a dining area and a kitchen. a tv is provided.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
kandy museum is 1.7 km from the villa kandy, while lakeside adventist hospital is 2.1 km away.
the property also features a sauna and a fitness room for guests.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
millennium park and navy pier are within 3 km from this hotel. beach access at lake michigan can be reached in 15 minutes’ walk.
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property provides free parking. free wi-fi is available in the public areas of the property.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and toiletries.
king shaka international airport is 27 km from the property.
stanford university is 14 km away.
the next restaurant can be reached on foot in 3 minutes.
it is 35 miles to central boston, and 40 miles to logan international airport.
guests can swim in the olympic-sized pool or enjoy snorkelling in the sea.
each unit has a private bathroom.
penang international airport is a 45-minute drive away.
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
each air conditioned room comes with a flat-screen tv, a desk and a safety deposit box.
rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
buses to dublin city centre depart navan every 15 minutes. the bus for dublin airport departs every hour.
the hotel’s air-conditioned rooms offer luxurious interiors with rich décor and carpeted floors.
parking is free on site.
there is a drinks vending machine on site.
quietly located in the trendy schanzenviertel district, this elegant hotel is just a 10-minute drive to central hamburg.
located in the town of templin, hotel garni zum eichwerder offers comfortable rooms just just 250 metres away from the modern marina.
offering free wifi, free parking and an attractive garden, schwalbennest is located in herzogenaurach.
bathrooms are completed with free toiletries and hairdryers.
bars, restaurants and shops are within walking distance from the hotel.
the rooms are spacious and carpeted and each features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a shower.
featuring rustic vietnamese-style décor, the resort offers free wifi access and houses a 24-hour front desk.
other facilities offered include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
mumbai domestic airport is 16 km, while mumbai international airport is 20 km away.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
towels and bed linen are provided in this holiday home.
just 100 metres from a sandy beach, this hotel offers a sauna and free wi-fi.
the hotel also offers a skittles alley, tennis courts and a squash court.
each house is lightly decorated which makes it bright with a lot of windows.
visit rio maior’s marinhas de sal, natural salt marshes located 3 km from rio maior and 30 km from the sea.
offering a ski school and a ski pass sales point, balázs panzió is situated in izvoare in the harghita region, 30 km from sovata.
offering mountain views, all rooms at marianna feature a mini fridge and tv.
featuring an outdoor pool and free wi-fi throughout, villa giorgia is 7.5 km from scopello.
daniel oduber quirós international airport is 79 km away.
the square serves multi-cuisine dishes.
krosno’s city centre is 2.4 km away.
cam ranh international airport is 20 km away.
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a radio. the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave. other facilities include a coffee brewer and a washing machine. the private bathroom comes with a shower.
shuyu hotel wuxi is a 10-minute drive from taibo temple, a 20-minute drive from wuxi railway station and a 30-minute drive from sunan shuofang international airport.
free private parking is available on site.
free wifi access is available.
all rooms in the hotel have free cable on flat-screen tvs. there’s a seating area and work desk, as well as a microwave, refrigerator and ironing facilities.
free private parking is available on site.
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the garden or city.
it is a 9-minute train journey from the centre of erding and a 20-minute drive from munich airport.
you can walk to central salou in just 5 minutes from apartamentos dorada palace.
free public parking is available on site.
the scenic namsan n tower is only a 7-minute walk away while incheon international airport is approximately an hour away by car.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
the bathrooms feature free toiletries and a hairdryer.
half-board includes a large breakfast buffet and dinner with a salad buffet.
set 250 metres from the sea, bed & breakfast dietro le mura is a 5-minute walk from aci castello’s norman castle.
los cabos international airport is a 40-minute drive away.
the rooms are all equipped with a tv, fan and heating.
this island on the puerto viejo river offers charming rooms with balconies, overlooking the tropical rainforest of sarapiqui. heliconia island features a traditional restaurant, botanical gardens and a free wi-fi zone.
located 4.1 km from aquabrava water park, roses mar offers apartments right on the coast in roses.
free wi-fi access is available.
there is a wide variety of cafes and restaurants in the direct surroundings of dutch charm apartment.
the rooms at tirol haus are furnished in alpine style and come with free wifi, a balcony with mountain views, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and a private bathroom with shower and toilet.
home apartments offers accommodation in salzburg. mirabell palace is 1.3 km from the property.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out konnos beach and trinity beach at 4 km.
rooms either have private or communal bathroom facilities.
some rooms have a seating area.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 1 km from the property.
the rural surroundings also provide an excellent opportunity to enjoy activities such as hiking, cycling and jogging.
the private bathroom includes a shower, a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
the main port of skopelos is only 250 metres from hotel aggeliki.
featuring free wi-fi in all areas, hotel ach to tu is located in green surroundings, on the route between leszno and głogów.
situated along the coastline of non nuoc beach, melia danang is just a 15-minute drive from da nang international airport.
offering a garden with bbq, and a furnished sun terrace, villa varenna was built in 1895 in central varenna, on the eastern shores of lake como. wifi is free throughout.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv, a fridge and a private bathroom.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
room service is also available.
each room here is air conditioned and will provide you with a flat-screen tv and satellite channels and a welcome set.
at diamant beach you will find a garden.
there is a restaurant a 15-minute walk from the property, as well as a grocery shop.
salads, sandwiches, pastas and meat dishes can be enjoyed at the licensed restaurant and lounge.
the property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches.
simple and complete, apartments include a kitchenette and ingredients for a self-service breakfast.
offering pool views, each air-conditioned room in villa katarina bali provides a safe, electric kettle and towels.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
opening to a furnished balcony and a patio, this air-conditioned and split-level villa of zeus comes with 3 separate bedrooms.
the property offers 3 bedrooms and a spa bath.
each room will provide you with a seating area, a mini-fridge and a tv with cable channels.
daily breakfast and complimentary coffee are available.
guest rooms at the ft.
fiumicino airport is 20 km away.
each colourful room here will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a wardrobe. shared bathrooms also come with a shower.
prague national museum is 500 metres from the property.
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport, 14 km from the property.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher and oven.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the timbered cottage is equipped with a dining area and a seating area with a satellite flat-screen tv.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
a buffet breakfast can be purchased, and is provided on the terrace.
located 5 km from the valley of the temples, b&b camere a sud is in the centre of agrigento.
it accommodates up to five guests.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
guests can benefit from a complimentary welcome drink.
kanchanaburi is 8 km from s hotel, while sai yok is 37 km away.
mudec is 1.5 km from broggi apartment, while sforzesco castle is 1.6 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a bath or shower.
set upon the highest point in the cotswolds, this elegant 5-star guest house features spacious, individually decorated rooms with plasma tvs.
there is free wi-fi in the lobby.
it takes 6 minutes by taxi to nanjing south railway station and 34 minutes to lukou airport.
en suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
rooms at premier inn london edmonton are air conditioned and come with flat-screen satellite tv, tea and coffee making facilities and a writing desk.
bayterek monument is 7 km from inn dos, while expo 2017 astana is 11 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff and a tour desk.
guests of terem club can relax in the sauna, take a dip into the swimming pool or play billiards.
nestled in the forestry of northern california, this mill creek bed and breakfast offers a hearty country-style breakfast each morning.
each holiday home features air conditioning, a living room and a patio.
corporate offices including atlas copco and general dynamics are also nearby.
azmaara spa provides a range of treatments, from massages to manicures and pedicures.
set in hermagor, haus eichhorn ferienwohnung offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. featuring free private parking, the apartment is 5 km from lake pressegger.
for guests' convenience, the hotel provides laundry services. luggage storage is available at its front desk.
pattaya viewpoint is 700 metres from cosy beach view condominium.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as an ipod docking station are featured.
free parking and a complimentary breakfast buffet await you at this family-friendly hostel in berlin's steglitz district.
hotel thema is set in the thema policenter industrial park, 5 km from rocca san giovanni.
alamos also includes a terrace.
breakfast is a varied buffet including fresh fruit, eggs, and local pastries.
some king rooms include a sofa bed and coffee table.
they are fitted with a satellite lcd tv and offer sea or garden views.
hot spot on cloud 9 resort operates a 24-hour front desk where friendly staff can assist guests with luggage storage, car/bicycle rental and tour arrangements.
the individually decorated guest rooms feature a wash basin and a tv with cable channels.
pukelo cottage has a fully equipped kitchen, a large dining area and a private bathroom with 2 showers.
guests are offered a free glass of sparkling wine.
guests can enjoy the sea views from the large living room windows, where they will also find a table, armchairs, sofas and tv.
dali feierwan cang mountain holiday is 26 minutes' drive from dali railway station and minutes' drive from 43 dali airport.
it offers rooms with private bathrooms and flat-screen tvs.
the property features a seating area with at tv, and a dining area.
on the west side of makriyialós village is the archaeological site of an ancient minoan house.
salou train station is 2.5 km from the apartment.
surrounded by nature in ban san pa yang, peace and quiet can be enjoyed at sangob foundation. featuring buildings made of natural materials, this eco-friendly accommodation offers stunning mountain views, free bikes and free wifi in public areas.
the scenic frisian lakes such as tjeukemeer and snitsermar are just 10 km away by car.
en suite bathrooms have hot/cold shower facility and free toiletries.
located in desenzano del garda, this air-conditioned apartment features a patio with garden views. this apartment offers a seasonal outdoor pool and free wifi.
half board consists of breakfast as well as a regional 3-course dinner in the conservatory café.
this hotel makes an ideal base for central and eastern asturias, including gijon, oviedo, covadonga, cangas de onís and ribadesella.
featuring a garden with seating area and barbecue facilities, house palazzo is set in valbandon 700 metres from the nearest beach and 2 km from the centre of fažana.
there is a shared kitchen, a shared lounge and gift shop at the property.
agroturystyka zacisze is situated in a quiet area, 3 km from lake powidzkie.
the quiet surrounding area is ideal for many outdoor activities, including horseback riding, hiking and bird watching.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the apartments have 1 twin bedroom and a private bathroom with a bath.
guests choosing to dine in can do so at the restaurant on the first floor, which offers thai specialities.
dining options include an air-conditioned restaurant and an open- air poolside restaurant, both serving goan and continental delights.
jiawang business hotel is a 30-minute drive from chizhou railway station and bus station.
all rooms include a kitchen area, coffee machine, private pool and bathroom.
holiday home skovvej knebel xi is located in skødshoved strand.
the complex features a creperie, as well as a poolside bar where refreshing drinks and cocktails can be enjoyed.
a bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries is standard in every room.
modern décor and large windows feature throughout the guestrooms at sunway hotel seberang jaya.
you can benefit from the contracted beach area, 250 metres away.
the ontario convention center is 4 minutes’ drive away.
you can also look forward to an attractive sauna.
d-umalas villa is a 10-minute drive from double six beach and a 30-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport.
punta del este is 30 km away.
guests can also indulge in a pampering massage at the spa.
you can enjoy a mountain view from the balcony with furniture.
just 400 metres from both ipanema and copacabana beach, apartment nabuco 102 is located in rio de janeiro.
each guest room at the woodley park guest house features an en suite bathroom and a writing desk. they include air-conditioning, antique furnishings and wood floors.
each bungalow features a private bathroom with a shower. they come equipped with heating, a tv and a seating area. there is a small balcony by the entrance where guests can sit, relax and enjoy the fresh breeze.
in summer, guests can dine outdoors at kookaburra marina bar & restaurant.
alkmaar is 11 km away from kerstin's zomerhuis and 50 km from schiphol airport.
with garden and pool views, rooms display a simple décor with colourful bedding.
at casa rural los justinos you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and barbecue facilities.
puerta del sol square is 500 metres from the apartment and gran via boulevard is a 10-minute walk away.
the apartment features a living area with a tv, a washing machine, 2 bedrooms and a bathroom.
each room at this holiday inn features a flat-screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities, and air conditioning.
all rooms are equipped with bunk beds, personal lockers, bedside table, heating and a shared bathroom.
you can use the shared swimming pool and tennis courts and free parking is available on site.
you can explore aiako-harria nature reserve, which is 5 km from the house.
all units are built with wood.
featuring a private swimming pool, villa lemes is located in a residential area in playa blanca.
guests will find numerous bars, restaurants and a shopping centre in the town centre, located 3 km away.
boasting an outdoor pool, free buffet breakfast and free wi-fi, and located only 350 metres from itacuruçá city centre, this beachfront hotel offers comfortable accommodation with air conditioned rooms. itacuruçá yacht club is 400 metres away.
a dishwasher and coffee machine are also provided.
rooms with a sofa are available.
isaac’s cathedral in saint petersburg, pirogova inn features free wifi and a lounge area with a tv.
it offers a gym, free wi-fi, free local calls and free private parking.
located in jutigny, gite le moulin du gouaix offers a self-catering house with a private garden and bbq facilities.
free wi-fi and free on-site parking are provided.
qingdao liuting international airport can be reached in 50 minutes by car.
it offers bright bedrooms, home-cooked food, free wi-fi and free parking.
each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
offering a private terrace, herzliya haut standing is located in herzelia provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
the à la carte restaurant of hotel tbilisi in borjomi offers breakfast, lunch and dinner service.
the property's à-la-carte restaurant serves regional and international cuisine and special diet menus are available upon request.
there is also a variety of good restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the hotel.
the old town is 7 tram stops from the property.
fukiya unzen is a 2-minute walk from unzen jigoku hell and a 10-minute drive from unzen ropeway station.
florya evleri offers accommodation in hurmakoy.
there is a private bathroom with a bath in each unit.
a hot continental breakfast is served in the mornings at this pet-friendly hotel.
it takes 20 minutes on foot to impression liu sanjie.
bike rides and fishing are also available for guest's leisure.
balneari termes victòria has a games room, a children’s playground and a selection of books.
it also has a well-equipped kitchenette, and a private bathroom with shower.
within 900 metres guests will find the st. stephen’s cathedral and the kärnterstraße shopping street.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, hiking and windsurfing.
there is a 10,000-square-foot flexible conference room available for hosting business functions and events.
hotel universo is located in goiânia, only 200 metres from the city ́s bus station, and offers practical accommodation with free wi-fi connection.
ski passes can be purchased at the hotel.
decorated with classic wooden style, each accommodation has a dining area with an electric kettle.
it offers classic-style accommodation with a garden and furnished terrace.
a microwave and minibar are provided in each room at budget inn 2000.
riva del garda is 27 km from casa dai fre', while bormio is 49 km away.
laundry facilities are on site.
monitored parking is available right in front of the hotel.
the hostel is opposite the bielsko-biala railway station.
located 300 metres from europe square in batumi, this apartment features free wifi. the unit is 400 metres from holy mother virgins nativity cathedral.
guests will also appreciate the weekday evening reception, which offers local wines.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
drinks and snacks are prepared at the beach bar.
the on-site bar offers a selection of refreshing drinks and snacks.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
stars avenue mall is 5 km from the property.
typical bulgarian specialities and international cuisine are served in the restaurant of apartments ferie.
the well-equipped kitchenette and dining area includes a fridge, microwave with grill, coffee maker and washing machine.
bicycles are available for guest use.
located in plaka, this detached holiday home features a garden with an outdoor pool.
there is a stop of the free ski bus right in front of the alpenhotel tauernstüberl.
nova domus offers air-conditioned rooms and free wi-fi in cellamare, a 15-minute drive from central bari.
for dining option guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5-minute walk away.
the on-site gym includes a sauna and hot tub.
green theatre is 1 km from hostel we, while tayny okeana aquarium is 1.1 km from the property.
this homestay is 18 km from porto airport.
relax on your double bed and read a newspaper.
guests at the welcominns ottawa can begin their morning with a complimentary continental breakfast, or in the on-site fitness area before going out for the day.
there is also an electric kettle. shared bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
a flat-screen tv and blu-ray player, as well as a cd player are featured.
it boasts an on-site golf course, casino and a full-service spa.
free private parking is available on site.
all rooms include a balcony, flat-screen tv, a desk and bathroom.
guests can enjoy laundry service.
the spa facilities include a hot tub, an indoor pool, as well as a finnish sauna and a steam bath.
at a 20-minute walk in the centre of albufeira, guests will find a great variety of restaurants serving seafood and fish specialities.
the rooms include a tv.
free private parking is available on site.
free transfer from the airport can be arranged and wifi access is available throughout.
guests can enjoy breakfast every morning at hôtel restaurant du pont vieux.
the historic super 8 motel provides 24-hour front desk services, as well as laundry facilities.
a daily breakfast and a 24-hour front desk are available to all guests.
spacious rooms feature balinese décor.
located a short stroll from yiwu international trade city, bai ming hotel features simple accommodation with free internet access. it offers ticketing services as well.
towels and bed linen are available.
a cable tv is featured in each room at super 8 mount vernon.
saint bavo square, which features the belfry, is less than a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
perugia san francesco d'assisi airport is 55 km away.
located 2.5 km from the black sea coast in alakhadzi, u rafa guest house offers free wifi and free private parking.
the hotel offers 3 outdoor pools, a water slide, and a spa centre with a sauna and a turkish bath.
laundry and ironing services are offered.
the sansevero is on the second floor of a building of the 1960s.
with free shuttle service to/from gillette – campbell county airport, this hotel in wyoming also features an indoor heated pool.
the modern kitchen includes a dishwasher, while the 2 bathrooms have a shower.
the ca' d'oro’s rooms are air conditioned and come with a minibar and satellite tv. some have views of the rio di ca' dolce canal.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and the rooms also have an electric kettle.
it offers panoramic views, free wi-fi and indoor and outdoor pools.
the open-plan kitchen is fitted with a refrigerator, a microwave and a stove.
the hague marriott hotel is centrally located near peace palace, madurodam and the gemeentemuseum.
the hotel offers 41 rooms and has also a restaurant, offering a fresh and healthy cuisine, a sea view lounge and a summer terrace under pine trees.
pick-up services provide only hotel to thong sala pier can be arranged at an extra charge.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
piazza is 1 km from avtos guest house, while holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 1 km from the property.
it features a balcony and free wi-fi access.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
guests can enjoy treatments in the spa & wellness centre, and there is also a sauna and free wifi access is available.
tbilisi international airport is a 2-hour drive away.
to catch up on the latest live sports competition, head over to the cosy and rustic street-side sports bar n hood where ice-cold beers and flavourful chicken wings. for those looking for relaxation, the rooftop lounge senses overlooks the ocean, boasts an outdoor pool and serves premium cocktails.
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged by the property.
local restaurants can be found around the property.
at palawan sandcastles, the friendly staff can assist guests with laundry service and tour arrangements.
loft inn shaoguan fengcai road branch offers accommodation in shaoguan.
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast in the mornings and it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of beverages.
situated on 7 acres, this parksville property overlooks rathrtrevor beach.
its restaurant is available on reservation and offers specialities from aosta valley.
the landhotel 'zur alten post' offers cosy rooms with modern amenities, including free wireless internet access.
the latter of which is in a terrace that overlooks the surrounding green areas.
apartments legrand is set in brussels, 1.2 km from avenue louise. horta museum is 1.5 km from the property.
the bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer.
the area is popular for water sports.
a buffet breakfast is also served every day.
located 5 km from the centre of split and the unesco-listed diocletian's palace, apartments ivano offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi access.
apartment søndergade is a self-catering accommodation located in hov.
the closest metro is chatelet.
guests can indulge in the relaxing treatments at pranam spa or exercise at the gym.
guests can enjoy coffee and light snacks in the café downstairs, or relax with a refreshing drink in the nearby beer garden.
at pousada sempre viva you will find a 24-hour front desk.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring free wifi, huntstile organic farm offers pet-friendly accommodation in bridgwater, 43 km from cardiff.
the doubletree hotel chicago-oakbrook boasts a state-of-the-art conference and banquet centre, complete with professional catering services. the hotel also features a modern fitness centre as well as free shuttle service to local sites and businesses.
the tuscany relax wellness area features a spa tub, sauna, and turkish bath.
it offers air-conditioned rooms and buffet breakfast.
towels and bed linen are provided.
tornimae 7 apartment boasts views of the city and is 600 metres from estonian national opera.
offering an a la carte restaurant on site and a furnished terrace in each unit, palma bed & breakfast is located in rab and provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
jadan cottages offers self-contained accommodation with free wi-fi, just a 15-minute walk from broken hill town centre.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the hotel offers free wifi access in all rooms.
room service is available.
nestled 5 minutes’ walk from tanjung benoa beach, villa bintang features a large private pool accompanied by a sun terrace and sunbeds. free wi-fi is provided throughout the villa.
freewifi access is available. accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
both historic windsor and ascot’s racecourse can be reached within a 30-minute drive.
deni hostel is a 15-minute walk from the latin bridge.
located in the heart of hepburn springs, spa villas on main offers contemporary self-contained accommodation in a beautiful garden setting.
with good access to the a7 motorway, the hotel is just 15 minutes’ drive from málaga airport.
a healthy organic breakfast buffet is served in das mietwerk i boutique & bio hostel lindau's inviting dining room.
at the family-run kon tiki hotel you can sit and relax by the swimming pool located in the garden, or you can go to the private beach just 150 metres away, where you will find 1 parasol and 2 deckchairs free of charge.
offering views of gulf of siam, it features a black-tiled outdoor pool and massage services.
the hotel krone has modern rooms with cable tv and a bright bathroom with free bathrobe.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as an ipod docking station are available.
all of the comfortable rooms at bed and breakfast los alamos feature air conditioning and views of the garden and swimming pool.
chatsworth house is only a 20-minute drive away, while chesterfield and matlock are only 10 minutes away by car.
featuring air conditioning, asia place is located in bangkok, 8 km from wat arun.
a balcony provides views of the ocean.
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is served daily.
all apartments have tv, kitchen with microwave, gas or electric plate, refrigerator and coffee maker.
regular buses leave from a bus stop located just 800 metres away.
for convenience, airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge.
it offers panoramic sea views and a 3rd-floor terrace with a sun deck and a hot tub. free wifi is available throughout the property.
featuring an on-site wine bar, this manhattan hotel offers free wifi access and rooms with a flat-screen tv. the empire state building is only 6 minutes’ walk away.
a barbecue is also provided.
offering a multi-cuisine restaurant, hotel melrose inn is located in alīgarh.
spacious, elegant rooms with free wi-fi and city views are offered here.
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a hot tub. complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
the nearest access to the motorway is 10 km away.
plaza catalunya square and barcelona city centre are 20 minutes away by metro.
every room has a flat-screen tv. certain units have a seating area for your convenience. you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room.
the property is situated 29.5 miles from inverness airport.
invermere is 28 km away.
dining at the jackson hole diner and sergio’s italian restaurant are within easy driving distance.
it can accommodate up to six people and free wireless internet access is available.
rooms are air-conditioned, and feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, an electric kettle and an en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
every air-conditioned unit at this guest house comes with a balcony and has a flat-screen tv.
a continental breakfast serving fresh breads, cakes, fruit juices and yoghurts, as well as locally produced ham and cheese is available.
coffee and cocktails are served by the trendy bar at mythos café or on the large sun terrace.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the guest house.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 18 km from the property.
free on-site parking is available and can accommodate most cars, trucks and buses.
half-board includes a breakfast buffet and dinner with a choice of meals, a salad buffet, and seasonal themed evenings. an afternoon cake buffet (daily in winter, weekly in summer) is also included.
each one features warm, modern interiors and free wi-fi access.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
landhaus aschaber is located just 2 minutes by car from a cable car station of the westendorf ski area, and 1500 metres from the centre of westendorf.
autel jardines is 30 minutes’ drive from el tigre ruins and 45 minutes’ drive from waterfalls and rafting area.
ukrainian cuisine is served in the on-site restaurant, and cocktails are offered at the bar.
lloret de mar is 24 km from villa treumal, while girona is 27 km from the property.
the apartment is conveniently placed 650 metres away from jungceylon shopping center and phuket's famous nightlife street, bangla road.
guests can enjoy the outdoor pool, restaurant and the water park.
spa facilities at the hotel include hammam and beauty salon.
centrally located in rome, genova guest house is just a 10-minute walk from termini train station.
fitted with a balcony, rooms feature cable tv, a refrigerator.
delicate cuisine awaits guests' arrival at the on-site restaurant.
this lodge offers free parking, whereas shuttle services are available for a surcharge.
guests can store luggage at the 24-hour front desk.
the bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
you can reach the town centre and playa santiago beach in 10 minutes on foot.
it takes 10-minutes to drive to teluk kemang beach and is a 40-minute drive from kuala lumpur international airport.
the brillantengrund hotel features a small workshop for bicycles, and guests can rent bicycles to explore vienna.
it offers free wi-fi and air-conditioned accommodation with ionian sea views.
balatonberényi ház is located 800 metres on foot from lake balaton, and offers self-catered holiday house with a garden and free barbecue facilities.
within 500 metres, guests can find stores, restaurants and bars.
experience the natural beauty and marine life of tropical koh chang, whilst staying at the dusit princess.
sir ramgoolam international airport is about an hour away.
all soundproofed guest rooms feature a minibar and a refined décor.
the units have shared bathroom facilities with a bath or shower, free toiletries, a hairdryer, a wash basin and a toilet.
breakfast buffet is served daily and includes items such as fresh juice, fresh baked bread and boiled eggs.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including canoeing.
it offers free wi-fi, a terrace and a lounge area with a fireplace.
mini golf and table tennis can be booked at reception, and a pitch and putt course is available in summer.
central san antonio is just a 15-minute walk from hotel neptuno.
the centennial theater is 8 minutes’ drive away.
room service is available 24/7.
outdoor parking is available next to the studio.
within a 500-metres reach, you can find a grocery store, a bar and a restaurant.
rome ciampino airport is 15 km from the property.
free parking is available on site.
the property is a 20-minute drive away from cape town international airport.
boasting a casino, golf course, and on-site spa, this french link, indiana resort is 2 km from tours of the west baden springs. free wi-fi access is available.
niagara hotel is located a 5-minute drive from purwodadi botanical garden.
situated just 4 miles from the heritage town of ardara, the cosy ardara cottage offers coastal views.
free wireless internet is provided and there is a playground for the hotel’s younger guests.
there is also a games room and a terrace.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower.
surrounded by the gargano national park, poggio degli ulivi offers a free shuttle to the beach and rodi garganico.
it has 24-hour reception and free parking.
comfort inn campbellton features guest rooms with cable tv and coffee makers. hair dryers and ironing facilities are also included.
sikaso beach hotel can organise excursions to visit the surrounding area and the hotel staff offer entertainment.
holiday homes d also includes a barbecue.
a typical italian breakfast is served daily. it includes hot drinks, croissants and pastries.
edificio playa azul features a shared outdoor pool and garden area.
king abdullah sport city stadium is a 10-minute drive away.
guests at the nussbaumhof hotel receive a discount at the usedom thermal baths, a 15-minute drive away.
the property offers free wifi and is 2 km from cala major beach and 3 km from palma yacht club.
guests will find a bar within 50 metres.
you can enjoy lake and garden view from the room.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave. a tv with satellite channels is featured.
the apartment is furnished in modern alpine style and consists of a living room with a sofa bed, a double bedroom, a kitchen with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a shower and a spa bath, ideal for relaxation after a long day full of activities.
a breakfast consisting of coffee, and a muffin or a pancake is served every morning.
the denver coliseum is 3 miles away.
rooms feature country-style décor with elegant dark wood furnishings and cream-coloured walls.
at night the whole neighbourhood becomes alive with a bar at every corner.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
heated apartments have charming rustic décor and views of the garden and the mountains.
other massages and beauty treatments are also available on request.
the living room features a fireplace.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
iguatemi shopping mall is 15 km from hotel residencial ilhabela. florianópolis city centre and hercílio luz international airport are both 20 km away.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
one free parking space is guaranteed for each room or apartment.
ekol royal residence offers an outdoor swimming pool and modernly decorated apartments with a fully equipped kitchen, air conditioning and free wi-fi.
lindos is at a distance of 4 km, while a variety of water sport facilities can be found within 3 km.
you can enjoy sea view.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage.
chanioti, boasting an array of shops and restaurants, is 3.5 km away, while pefkohori is at 8km.
wi-fi is available and the cape town international airport is a 24-minute drive away.
it has a restaurant and a 24-hour front desk.
guests can enjoy austrian and mediterranean cuisine at oskars bar.lounge.restaurant.
each air-conditioned suite and studio has a living area with flat-screen satellite tv and a dvd player.
the day starts pleasantly with a rich buffet in the breakfast area.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
the bathrooms are shared.
lucca is a 20-minute drive from the property, while pistoia is 45 km away.
only 2 km from cook park, shengang apartment features self-contained accommodation with free wi-fi and a kitchen.
the property offers car hire, shuttle services and airport transfers upon request and at an additional charge.
the pokhara airport is 18 km away.
full english breakfast is served every morning.
guests can relax after a long day while watching a pay-per-view movie on the one of the in-suite plasma tvs.
a sweet italian breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
breakfast is served using ingredients from award-winning local butchers.
featuring free wifi, marbella kale beach offers pet-friendly accommodation in akçakale. trabzon is 21 km from the property.
the guest rooms at les colonnades are simply decorated with bright colours.
it is a 9-minute metro ride to gare de l’est and 10 minutes to gare du nord.
queen alia international airport is 20 miles away.
each modern room has a light décor with exposed wooden beams.
the kruger national park is 57 km from the property.
each has a private bathroom with bath or shower.
the air-conditioned rooms come with heating, a tv and a seating area.
all air-conditioned rooms feature rustic-style furniture and come with a private bathroom.
a golf course can be found in 5 km away.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, horse riding, and fishing.
offering a barbecue and terrace, penzión strenk is located in jarabina in the prešovský kraj region.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. a refrigerator and coffee machine are also available.
centrally located in marken and in the former city hall, het wapen van marken offers accommodation with views of the city.
outdoor activities include hiking in the beautiful surroundings.
set on a hill in the centre of triesenberg, ferienappartements beck is just 30 metres from the chair lift to sareis ski resort.
there is also a common dining area on site.
daily breakfast and dinner is served a-la-carte style during the week and on the weekend they are offered buffet style.
hotel kapu is located in front of the capu puebla bus station and 15 minutes' drive from 5 de mayo industrial park.
the bus that leads to kotor old town stops close to apartments azure adriatic. kotor old town preserves the medieval cathedral of saint tryphon and the ancient walls stretching for 4.5 km.
the two bedroom home has a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, a dishwasher and an oven. the bathroom comes with a shower.
the outdoor swimming pool area features sun loungers, where guests can relax after a refreshing dip.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a seating area.
guests can have their meals outdoors on the furnished patio.
at the lookout inn you will find a well-tended garden.
the college of central florida is also 15 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
a barbecue area is available, and guests can hire bicycles free of charge from yoko and michel.
all rooms have cable tv, a balcony and a private bathroom with shower.
imperial valley mall is 7 minutes’ walk away.
pula airport is located 35 km from the property.
at pensjonat nowita you will find a terrace and a garden, provided with barbecue facilities. an infrared sauna is offered as is a steam room.
guests are welcome to relax in the sauna or on the sunbathing lawn, where there is also a children’s playground.
each apartment has 1 double bedroom and a private bathroom with a shower.
breakfast and starbucks coffee are available each morning at the bistro.
massages can be arranged.
the private bathroom has a shower.
super roma is 3 km from basilica of st.
the apartamentos coronado have modern bathrooms with a shower. they are also equipped with a hairdryer.
the nearest airport is gimpo airport, a 36-minute drive away, while incheon international airport is a 56-minute drive away.
additional features include free wi-fi access in the public areas and free private parking on site.
situated in adler, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 5 km from sochi discovery world aquarium.
maniówka is located in a picturesque area, 400 metres from the wigry national park.
conveniently located in safranbolu, safranbolu konağı is set in an old building which features a traditional architecture.
the property offers free parking.
upon request, car or bicycle rental can be arranged and massages can be provided at an additional cost.
cross-country ski trails pass by the property, and the local ski lift is just 250 metres away and offers access to the ski amadé ski region.
the open kitchen is equipped with 2 hotplates, mini-oven, oven, dishwasher, micro wave, and an electric coffee machine.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
its guests can enjoy an on-site outdoor pool, a finnish sauna, as well as massage treatments.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and a washing machine is also provided.
overlooking the pool, the garden and the mountain, the air-conditioned villa has a living room with fireplace and flat-screen satellite tv.
apartments szafarnia are housed in the monitored szafarnia complex, within a 5-minute walk of the many historic monuments.
extras include bed linen and towels.
we also speak english, french, polish and russian.
angel a 24-hour reception desk which can assist with luggage storage, ironing and laundry services.
guests benefit from discounted prices at a diving centre nearby as well as free transfers to/from giardini naxos’ harbour.
it is conveniently located 3.2 km from the university of texas at san antonio
motel colonial house is 800 metres from the historic stone store and st. james church, and the start of rainbow falls walk.
ample parking and valet cleaning services are provided on the premises for added guest convenience.
baoan international airport is 68 km away.
with a seafront location in chioggia, appartamenti luigi e carla offers accommodation with a view, 26 km from venice.
it offers offers a savory breakfast each morning, panoramic mountains views, free wifi and a sauna.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
offering an indoor heated pool, this beachfront resort is located in ocean shores, washington.
some have a dining area.
the main street, mitre avenue, is 100 metres away.
housing a restaurant, guests can sample a tasty selection of sri lankan and continental dishes on site.
the living room features a flat-screen cable tv and a sofa.
the erlendgrund apartment has a living room, dining room, a double sofa bed, satellite tv, 2 balconies, a double bedroom, kitchen, terrace and wi-fi.
gustavo díaz ordaz international airport is only 3 minutes’ drive away.
every room includes free sky-tv.
phuket island is a 5-minute boat ride away.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
the seatac crest motor inn provides a number of thoughtful amenities, including a free light continental breakfast and free wi-fi access.
lungo le mura is a 15-minute walk from palazzo pitti and boboli gardens.
24-hour front desk and laundry facilities are also offered.
the town of vác by the danube bend is 20 km away, while the bánki lake is 5 km from the premises.
the accommodation will provide a tv, satellite channels and a fireplace.
weston-super-mare is 10 minutes’ walk away.
this guest house is a 10-minute walk from the olympic stadium and waldbühne concert venue in berlin.
they have either shared or private bathroom facilities.
guests can relax in their spacious living room with flat-screen tv.
the on-site restaurant, max’s classic american grill, is a family restaurant that serves american food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
rooms are cooled by a fan or air conditioning. each comes with a tv, private terrace and an en suite bathroom with shower facilities. a wardrobe, seating area and a private parking space are featured in select units.
guests have access to camping rivamare’s private beach area.
a 4-minute drive from happo-one ski resort, hotel el mayo features a hot spring bath, free wifi and rooms with mountain views and private bathrooms.
several restaurants are within 1 mile of the motel, including country cookin’ and café michel.
a recliner chair is provided for added comfort.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
holiday home srida sela gornja podgora iv is located in podgora. it can accommodate up to nine people.
as of december 2016, a sauna as well as a fitness room will be at guests' disposal.
holiday home fridavej grenaa ii is located in gjerrild nordstrand and offers guests a terrace, hot tub, and sauna.
guests can choose wear one of 800 yukata robes at an additional charge.
each is equipped with a small fridge, hairdryer and a satellite tv with music channels.
the holiday home is equipped with air conditioning and free wifi.
this hostel is located in the centre of uzhgorod, a 2-minute walk from teatralnaya square.
nearby beaches are 5 km away.
enjoy breakfast or a meal with fresh, well-chosen dishes alongside a selection of craft beers and cocktails.
catanzaro lido, with its beaches, can be reached in 10 minutes by car. lamezia terme airport is a 30-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy a drink or coffee from the bar and relax at the warmly decorated lounge area with its leather armchairs and marble top tables.the garden features bbq facilities.
vending machines featuring snacks and beverages are available.
guests have unlimited access to the wellness centre with an indoor swimming pool, a steam bath and a hot tub.
riva lofts & suites is offering this spacious junior suite with views of lyon’s place ainay.
free wifi and private on-site parking are available.
this property provides you with handy access to the nearby madrid barajas airport, the motorway network and the city centre via line 1 of the metro.
it features cosy rooms with garden views and free wi-fi.
the rooms come with a flat-screen tv.
bretten’s historic marketplace and melanchtonhaus museum are a 2-minute walk away.
pescara can be reached by car in 30 minutes.
mexico city zocalo square is a 1-hour drive away.
the city hotel is near ancona's courthouse and 10 minutes' walk from the harbour.
located right on tolo's water edge, hotel tolo features a restaurant and bar enjoying panoramic views of the argolic gulf.
guests can enjoy an oceanfront outdoor swimming pool at maui condo and home by kihei surfside.
situated in sestri levante, this apartment features a barbecue. the property boasts views of the city is 40 km from genoa.
this apartment features a tv, balcony and ironing facilities.
zum handtuch is 1.5 km from bautzen train station, and it is a 7-minute drive to the a4 motorway.
offering a terrace and views of the garden, het takketiele huis is located in lochristi.
free wifi is available.
they will find the rocher de la vierge 2.5 km from these apartments. the train station is 1 km away, while biarritz-anglet airport is located 2 km from this property.
there are many local shops, malls and restaurants in the surrounding area.
at dominica hot springs habitation you will find a shared kitchen, while restaurants can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
guided city tours can also be booked at reception.
the guest rooms feature a flat-screen tv and private bathroom.
the sierras moreras, almenara and algoboro mountains are all nearby.
featuring a garden with bbq and seasonal shared outdoor pool, le case di lilli pitti is located in partinico.
from lerici, you can take a ferry to porto venere and the palmaria island.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
adler train station and sochi-adler international airport are 40 km from the property.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen satellite tv. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen.
at spinnaker house you will find a courtyard garden.
it offers air-conditioned rooms and suites with free wifi internet access, a tv with bein sports channels and a private bathroom.
hotel kramm is located a short walk from several restaurants, a supermarket, a gas station and two blocks away from the casino.
a microwave and a fridge are featured in every room at the parkway inn arlington. cable tv and ironing facilities are also provided.
the property features a garden and a terrace.
beside the bar, the lobby offers 2 free internet terminals.
casa per ferie parco degli ulivi is located 800 metres from monte porzio catone and just 1 km from the a1 motorway to rome.
situated in the historic baroque centre of osijek, guesthouse maksimilian is set in a fully refurbished building dating from the 19th century.
the bathroom is private and has shower.
the property has free wifi access and free parking.
there are also nearby golf and tennis facilities.
this guest house is an 800-year-old building in the heart of rothenburg ob der tauber.
from the property, ihotewu beach and jeju international airport are each within a 10-minute drive. the famous halla arboretum is also a 10-minute drive away.
beach paradise holiday home comprises a garden and a spacious terrace.
laundry, dry cleaning and shuttle services are provided at an extra cost.
you will find valet parking at the property.
the centre of donauworth is a 10-minute drive from donau-ries, and augsburg is 35 km away.
nearby local attractions include blackpool pleasure beach, 13 minutes’ walk away, and the south pier, less than a 10-minute stroll from the property.
a 12-minute walk will take you to barcelona’s la rambla and barceloneta beach is 3 km away.
bed linen and towels are provided.
located in the lively malia of heraklion, within 750 metres from the beach, creta verano hotel features a swimming pool, a sun terrace with sun loungers and a blossomed garden.
the viana do castelo centre is 6.5 km away, while rodanho beach is 2.8 km away.
guests can relax with a massage or work out with a game of squash.
all rooms of ankara risiss hotel are modernly decorated and include air-conditioning and a seating area.
to reach other destinations, the gea di vulcano is also very close to termini metro and train station.
decorated with warm colours and simple furnishings, all rooms at opera b&b are soundproofed and feature cable tv channels.
a washing machine is also available.
the city of thiers is just a 20-minute drive away.
condominio amazonas flat is a self-catering accommodation located in manaus.
each room at the caserío has original wooden beams and antique furniture.
a cable tv, desk, and coffee-making facilities are provided in every room at this rocky mount country inn and suites by carlson.
a grocery store and a variety of bars and restaurants are located just steps away from the casa đekić apartments.
the accommodation has a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
it offers free wi-fi, fine local cuisine and wonderful views of the bavarian alps.
the air-conditioned rooms have tile/marble flooring and cable tv. some rooms come with flat-screen tv.
other facilities offered at the landhotel oberlausitz include billiards, a children’s playground and a solarium.
the restaurant serves international and traditional romanian cuisine, and also specialties from the bucovina region.
this property is just off the finnish national road 5 in the south savonia region, less than 10 km from kuortti town centre.
free airport pick up and free scheduled shuttle to the seminyak area are also offered for guests for a minimum of 3 nights and booking the breakfast included rate.
rooms at hotel caparena are air conditioned and have satellite tv.
accepting only mainland chinese citizens, eaka 365 hotel dalian ganjingzi street offers accommodation in dalian.
the distance to banja luka international airport is 15 km.
set on the banks of the marne canal, this hotel features a seasonal swimming pool in the garden.
located in the residential santa ursula neighbourhood, haritos guest house offers accommodations in cusco.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
this property is 12 minutes' drive from fort lauderdale hollywood international airport and port everglades cruise port.
free wi-fi and free airport transfer are offered.
the self-catering house offers a sun room with patio doors leading to the enclosed gardens, which feature extensive views over the surrounding area.
guests will be provided with the pressreader application, which will give you free access to a wide range of international newspapers and magazines.
lviv international airport is a 40-minute drive from the hotel and mykolaiv –dnіstrovsky train station is also 4 km away.
olympic hotel offers accommodation in nha trang.
the plush sofa, tapestries and parquet floor add comfort to the stay.
free barbecue appetizers and local craft beer are available on wednesday evenings.
in liverpool’s business district, days inn liverpool is a 10-minute walk from the famous albert dock.
towels are offered.
the town centre is home to a variety of restaurants that offer sea food, italian, indian, chinese and english cuisine, all just minutes away.
luxurious flat- eiffel tower offers a private balcony with a view of the seine river and the eiffel tower. the 3-bedroom apartment is set on the 9th floor and features a modern décor and free wi-fi access.
some units have a seating area where you can relax.
olymp entertainment park is 1.5 km away.
offering a unique architecture style, panoramic caribbean sea views and a swimming pool, the shell house is located in the islas mujeres island and 300 metres from the garrafon eco-water park.
a tennis court and a sauna are 100 metres from the somló.
the unit is 15 km from los cristianos.
it provides a garden, free private parking. free wifi is featured .
located at the foot of the l’espace val d’arly ski slopes, this residence offers apartments with private terraces.
maisonettes and apartments also feature furnished balconies and a sitting area with fireplace.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is available.
every unit comes with a private bathroom with bath robes and slippers. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free bikes and free private parking are available on site the property.
a flat-screen tv is there as well.
the popular calle uruguay street, where guests will find bars and nightlife, is a 5-minute walk away.
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
rovinj is 44 km from guesthouse the blue house, while bibione is 48 km away.
free wifi access is available in the rooms.
parking is free at the property.
rustaveli theatre is 2.4 km from old tbilisi, while georgian national academy of sciences is 2.1 km from the property.
guest can also play board games.
gazipasa airport is located 61 km from the property.
this family-run guest house offers a garden, terrace and 24-hour front desk service.
it features a 24-hour gym and free wi-fi.
the accommodation is provided with cable tv, a hi-fi music system, a dvd player and a wood-burning stove in the living room.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
this downtown yuba city hotel is less than a 1-minute drive to yuba sutter mall.
the marble bathrooms include free toiletries, shower facilities and hairdryers.
there is also an extensive wine and cigar cellar.
free parking is possible on site.
the hotel is 4 km from the village of baux de provence.
airport shuttle service is offered at a charge.
they also include refrigerators, coffee makers and hairdryers.
at penzion dubina, a garden with barbecue facilities, a bar and a shared kitchen are at the guests’ disposal.
the free ski bus stops 100 metres away.
it offers panoramic views of the surrounding mountains and the river, and a peaceful garden.
the hotel’s main restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner in buffet style with special tastes from local and international cuisines, such as chinese, mexican and italian.
guests can also relax at the le moët champagne bar and savour a wide range of cocktails, delicate finger food, illy coffee with eclairs or seasonal oysters and truffles.
main sights such as the 16th-century dormition church and lviv theatre of opera ballet are a 15-minute walk away.
located only 300 metres from the liptovská mara lake, pension lunatyk is a family-run guest house set 2 km from the liptovský mikuláš’s centre.
only 500 metres away from galata tower, it features an in-house bar.
the closest public beach at the lake is within 400 metres and the village centre is a 3-minute drive away.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
guests can also have a meal at the on-site canteen.
located in yekatirenburg, uralsky teremok hotel offers 2 russian steam baths and free parking.
located in franschhoek, apartment jourdan offers free bikes. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. the property is 100 metres from franschhoek monument and 9.7 km from graham beck winery.
guests have access to a free outdoor swimming pool.
the executive chef welcomes diners in a relaxed environment with a menu of classic favourites.
there is a communal kitchen with a microwave and toaster.
holiday inn sigiri is 8 km from the sigiriya lion rock and 10 km from dambulla’s bus station and the cave temple.
it also provides massage services and free wi-fi throughout the property. the resort has a restaurant and free parking on site.
the huntsville international airport-carl t. jones field is five miles away.
set less than a 5-minute drive from ozzero, hotel la pendola offers a bar and classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
in the surroundings, you will find several shops and restaurants.
set in prague, 100 metres from charles bridge and only a 10-minute walk from the town ́s castle, dream home kampa offers a self-catering accommodation unit with free wifi.
tang ngin homestay features houses built on stilts in pailĭn.
free wifi is offered .
the centre of sölden is about a 7-minute walk away from residenz allegra.
air-conditioned guestrooms at abell are fitted with colour tv, an electric kettle and ironing facilities. each room has a private bathroom with hot shower.
the main house has 1 en suite bedroom and 1 loft bedroom with a bathroom downstairs.
free parking is available right outside the hotel.
there are 4 golf courses within 5 km of this motel, including club de golf le mirage. l'île des moulins, 10 km away, offers outdoor activities.
a pillow menu is available.
the property features free wifi access in public areas and guests are served a complimentary continental breakfast daily.
a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, laundry facilities and an ipod docking station are featured.
the main motel is air-conditioned and is pet friendly.
guests can also enjoy the hot tub and steam room.
seren apart also has a bar serving refreshing drinks.
free wi-fi is provided.
it is 250 metres from kodai-ji temple and 1 km from the kiyomizu-dera temple.
punta della suina beach is reachable by car in just over 10 minutes, while lido pizzo beach is 5 km away.
the apartment is just 170 metres from vanneau metro station (line 10) and opposite the le bon marché department store.
the on-site sauna and the steam bath, as well as laundry services, are available at a surcharge.
the bathrooms are private and have free toiletries and shower.
self-catering accommodation is chalets and mobile homes and each feature a private terrace.
the non-smoking cabins at de barge have a nautical atmosphere with its typical boat decorations and blue colours.
other facilities offered at the property include daily maid service.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and flat-screen tv with cable channels.
mosegården faaborg v is located in fåborg and offers accommodation for 8 people.
figueira da foz, with its atlantic beaches, is a 40-minute drive.
moreover, metro station cavour connects you to the entire city without hassle.
specialities of the canton of vaud and international cuisine are served in the restaurant.
each one also has satellite tv, a refrigerator and a private bathroom.
lotus restaurant serves a fine selection of thai dishes.
set in a quiet location, a 15-minute walk from the city of bludenz, the charming and cosy chalet alpentraum is decorated in a modern ranch-style with lots of wood.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out san diego convention centre just 700 metres from this apartment.
an oven, a microwave and toaster are also available, as well as a kettle. some units also have a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
joyful star hotel pu dong airport wanxia offers a vending machine and luggage storage at the 24-hour front desk.
the property has a yoga room and offers guests free breakfast and free on-site parking.
the charisma is a cosy guest house set in the heart of the spa resort of băile herculane.
guests can enjoy austrian cuisine, styrian specialities, and fine wines.
it offers ticketing services and bicycle rentals for backpackers.
extras include a desk, ironing facilities and a fan.
comiso airport is 49 km away.
salgado filho airport is within 76 km.
a public bus which can be used in the entire achental valley free of charge stops nearby.
this is a 4-room house and it is around 100 m2.
in the garden there is a basketball court and a football pitch.
individually decorated, all the heated rooms at riad olema et spa offer a seating area with a flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
guests can enjoy cypriot and international flavours at the on-site restaurant or relax with a cocktail at the lounge bar.
set amidst a large tree garden, it has a swimming pool, a café and a snack bar, and offers rooms with a balcony or veranda.
the hotel also offers car hire.
klintely’s guest rooms offer a choice between private bathrooms and shared facilities.
guests can take a stroll in the garden, or relax on the sun terrace.
the hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
additional room amenities include free wifi, a work area, a chair, flat-screen tv with sky sports, a mini-bar, safe, tea/coffee making facilities, complimentary mineral water, air-conditioning and a modern en-suite bathroom with separate shower and bath.
set 13 km from central setúbal, aldeamento de palmela is around 45 minutes’ drive from lisbon international airport.
offering a private pool and impressive views of the mountains and sea, la cotorra is located 7 km from san pedro alcántara.
bucharest national theater tnb is 1.1 km from crazy duck lodge, while ministry of health is 1.4 km away.
bicycle rental is available on site.
the 3-star hotel delfin is situated 1 km from the warsaw-moscow route no e30/2.
all units at porto village open out to a balcony with cretan sea or inland views.
you will be provided with a breakfast voucher to be used in any of the nearby cafés.
a tv is offered.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, meerak vintage@pattaya is located in jomtien beach, 3.2 km from jomtien beach.
this hotel also offers a business center and on-site laundry facilities.
moevenpick bangtao beach penthouse phuket is a 2-minute walk to bangtao beach.
the old town centre is 300 metres away and offers numerous historic sites.
it is located in the heart of guayaquil, 7 blocks from guayas river.
salerno is 15 km from amalfi hills, while positano is 9 km from the property.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi and a terrace with views of the marmara sea.
bali denpasar international airport is 5 km from the property.
free wi-fi access is available.
san lorenzo garni’s guests can dine at a special rate at nearby restaurants.
all units will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
it also has concierge services and a restaurant.
the hampshire offers al fresco lunch on the terrace in the summer months.
the restaurant is connected by an inner corridor to the chalets and serves a combination of italian and international dishes and specialities from the valtelline valley.
free boat parking and charging is available on-site.
diving and island-hopping trips can be arranged by the hotel.
the apartments each provide you with a dining area and a sofa.
guests also have access to a shared kitchen and a dining room.
bathroom facilities are en suite and include hot-water showers.
the hotel is 94 km from antalya city centre and 105 km from antalya airport.
free ski storage is also provided.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning, while the glass-covered restaurant serves tuscan cuisine.
free wifi access is available.
accommodations at the towneplace suites rochester have a large work desk and free wi-fi.
free wifi is available in the entire property.
the self-catered unit contains a balcony, as well as a bedroom, a living room with a seating and dining area, a separate kitchen and a bathroom.
heating and a safe are also provided.
featuring a bar, cafe and free wi-fi, hostel egan is less than 5 minutes’ walk from greek catholic cathedral.
shenkin street is 300 metres from hotel 75, while independence hall museum is 500 metres away.
narimanovo airport is 6 km from the property.
it offers free wi-fi in the entire hotel and has a 24-hour front desk.
the nearest airport is naples international airport, 7 km from the property.
you will also find a sauna and small gym.
hotel fontenen combines a rustic atmosphere with friendly service.
some rooms include lcd tv.
the hotel has marble interiors with lavish and antique furniture.
it features 2 large outdoor pools with a swim-up bar, spa and 3 dining options.
the property is a 15-minute drive to kata and karon beaches.
it offers spacious suites with free wi-fi access.
free private parking is provided in the premises.
guests are invited to a daily breakfast each morning in pension ulrich's rustic breakfast room.
towels and linens are included.
santiago international airport is located 47 km away.
there is also a bar serving snacks and drinks throughout the day.
the a8, a6 and a62 motorways are all nearby.
yangzhou agora hotel is a 3-minute drive from yangzhou railway station and a 17-minute drive from slender west lake resort.
a well-tended and spacious garden surrounds the property.
the property offers free parking.
the property offers free parking.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
there is a fantastic terrace at the front and rear of the building and a lovely beer garden to the side.
sviblovo metro station is a 3-minute walk away.
just 50 metres from the beach, villa solena is located in loutra agias paraskevis village of chalkidiki.
alushta is 38 km from villa elena k, while hurzuf is 22 km from the property.
the en suite bathroom offers shower facilities, toiletries, a spray bidet and slippers.
the hotel is located 30 minutes drive from tel aviv and 45 minutes from ben gurion airport.
each room at st hilda offers a flat-screen tv.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
it offers rooms with satellite tv and free wi-fi, and a gym.
the apartment provides seating area and a flat-screen tv. there is a fully equipped kitchen with dining area. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
activities such as scuba diving, snorkelling and sport fishing can be arranged.
located opposite the hartford-brainard airport, this days inn hartford is 6 minutes’ drive from the connecticut convention center and trinity college is 3 miles away.
at furnished apartment in the british resort you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a mini-market on site.
comfortable and spacious, it includes all the latest comforts including an lcd tv with satellite channels and free wi-fi access. take advantage of the free business point, complete with printing, scanning, and photocopying facilities.
the town of kimi is 25 km away.
featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
the bar offers a range of drinks and traditional pub food. there is a pool table and darts.
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
la ripa is a traditional stone cottage set in the unspoilt countryside around the protected area of the monumento naturale campo soriano.
the spacious and elegant rooms at the castel royal are and come with an lcd tv with cable channels, a minibar, a seating area, bathroom, and views of the garden.
the nearest airport is tivat airport, 16 km from the property.
it offers free wi-fi and elegant accommodation combining traditional and modern styling.
some have a full kitchen for the preparation of meals, while others enjoy a spa bath or river view.
a personal safe, satellite tv and a mini fridge are included.
the property has coin-operated laundry facilities for guests’ use.
the closest restaurants, shops, bars and cafés are located in the village centre and can be reached within 10 minutes on foot.
the nearest airport is barcelona el prat airport, 11 km from the property.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
izmir adnan menderes airport is 41.4 km away.
you can relax by the outdoor pool in the garden, play billiards or make use of the barbecue and fully equipped kitchen.
crowley, louisiana is 7 miles from the hotel.
ferienhaus alicja is located on the shore of kłodno lake in the centre of kaszuby landscape park.
shuttle services and a car rental are also provided for a surcharge.
the apartment complex lies 15 km from limassol, 30 km from larnaca and 50 km from nicosia.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv. rooms have a private bathroom.
each is complete with a flat-screen tv, desk and en suite bathroom.
uruguaya square is 300 metres away.
shenzhen bao'an international airport is 21 km away.
the nearest airport is tokyo haneda international airport, 4 km from kelly business hotel.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
alatskivi castle is surrounded by lakes, with the closest one, alatskivi lake, 200 metres from the castle.
in the heart of capri, hotel san michele offers panoramic views across the bay of naples.
holiday czech is 37 km from vaclav havel prague airport.
the mattala rajapaksa international airport is 82 km away.
many shops and restaurants are within 200 metres, and a bus stop is 50 metres from motel garni ubytovna.
look forward to free wi-fi internet access and a free breakfast buffet every morning.
it offers elegant rooms with air conditioning.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
decorated with warm colours, the rooms feature large windows, a private bathroom with a shower, heating, and a ceiling fan.
boat trips are organised out to the atlantic islands cíes and ons.
machong 8 inn has a 24-hour front desk offering free luggage storage.
you can walk to milano centrale train station in 5 minutes.
apartments feature satellite tv, a work area and a kitchenette.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 3 km from the property.
the rooms come with a flat-screen tv.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
campanile restaurant serves traditional dutch dishes at lunchtime and offers a range of international à la carte cuisine, as well as starter and dessert buffets, in the evenings.
the hotel restaurant has been awarded 14 gault millau points.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out taksim metro station (400 metres) and st. antoine of christ church (500 metres).
ibiza rocks hotel is set 10 minutes' walk from sant antoni beach, and 5 minutes from the sunset strip and the west end.
a tv is provided.
guests can play chess, enjoy a foot massage or appreciate tea within the hotel.
this holiday home is 19 km from aarhus airport.
featuring free wi-fi throughout, toboso azahara ns apartments offers self-catering apartments in nerja. the beachfront is 100 metres from the property.
the daily breakfast is served buffet style.
the black sea coast is a 20-minute walk away, and free transfer is available.
a continental breakfast is provided each morning at aux fées des grèves.
this guest house is located in quiet countryside in santi, not far from the city of l'aquila.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 7 km from the property.
hudson river islands state park is 22.4 miles away.
the complex offers free wi-fi and free parking.
staff are willing to help all guests at the front desk.
free parking is available.
metrobus station is within a walking distance.
rooms at shamrock arms guest lodge have a private entrance, and some face the gardens.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, hotel grand noy offers accommodation in novomikhaylovskiy. the hotel has an outdoor pool, children's playground and terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
offering an outdoor pool, seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace, château de darrech is situated in tasque in the midi-pyrénées region. 49 km from pau.
at rusilovo you will find a garden and a terrace.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the billiard table is available upon request.
free wifi is available in public areas.
it is a 10-minute drive from jiuzhou port and a 30-minute drive from hengqin port or chimelong ocean international tourist resort.
free wi-fi access is available.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
oia mare villas offers cave-style rooms and suites with air conditioning, free wifi access and a private balcony or terrace overlooking the sea.
guest can find a variety of restaurants serving mexican food, and supermarket within 5 km.
each room at the best western plus at historic concord is decorated with dark wood furniture.
the euphrasian basilica is 700 metres from apartman esteral, while porec old town is 700 metres away.
for transportation, pierrelatte train station is 25 km away, while access to a7 motorway is possible 30 km away.
apartment comfort also includes an indoor pool. guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
it consists of a large living area with kitchenette, sofa bed, and a raised double bedroom.
the distance to the famous pedestrian kirova street is 4.6 km away.
located on the portland state university campus, guests can enjoy a daily continental breakfast.
the town of bejar is a 30-minute drive away.
some apartments come with a dishwasher and a microwave.
to stefani tis makrinas is located in makrinitsa, 14 km from the pelion ski centre.
the suite offers one-bedroom and a lounge area that accommodates a double sleeper couch.
free wifi is available at this property.
local specialities and international food is served at the restaurant of the oasis.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
the famous sognefjord and lærdalfjord are approximately 65 km away, while the popular skiing resort of gol is 100 km away.
the simply-decorated rooms at the guest house all feature tiled floors, a view over the city and access to shared bathroom facilities.
it is available from wednesdays to sundays.
the property is in a quiet countryside area between arco and torbole, a short driving distance from all services.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
a grocery delivery service can also be arranged.
free private parking and free wi-fi access are provided on site.
wi-fi is free throughout.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can reach pinto martins airport with a 12 km drive.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv.
all are soundproofed and air conditioned
a supermarket and a restaurant can be found 300 metres from vila mirela.
getting around is easy with vehicle rentals and airport transfers.
elegantly decorated, this air-conditioned villa features a fireplace, seating area and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as a blu-ray player.
john f. kennedy international airport is 18 km away.
the owner also has a restaurant 1 km from the apartments, which serves corsican cuisine.
anapa airport is 19 km away.
the kitchen includes a dishwasher, oven and refrigerator.
the city of soria is a short drive away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
there is a selection of breakfasts to choose from each morning, including english, welsh, continental and vegetarian options.
the apartment is made up of a sofa bed in the living room and 1 double bed on a mezzanine.
the château d'osthoffen offers an exceptional setting for private or business receptions, weddings, business lunches or dinners.
you can play table tennis or billiards and there is a children’s playground and free wi-fi zone.
boasting an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with bbq facilities, villaggio camping blu offers self-catering apartments on the seafront 4 km from senigallia.
a free-use internet computer is provided at the lobby and dry cleaning service is available as well.
the property has a bar-restaurant which can also provide room service on request.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, the property is 1.6 km from harpa concert hall & conference centre and 2 km from the national museum of iceland.
casas rurales torrox is located in the hills 20 minutes’ drive from central torrox and 25 minutes from the beach.
guests can enjoy sea food specialities at the on-site restaurant.
only 300 metres from the mediterranean sea, sesam apart hotel is located in alanya.
located in budva, just 500 metres from its slovenska beach, hotel škanata offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
peniche shoreline guides features a a communal kitchen and a lounge. there is a watersports equipment and bicycle rental and a barbecue in the backyard.
the seaside gytheio village is at 68 km from the property.
rooms are also equipped with a flat-screen tv. coffee-making facilities and ironing facilities are included.
guests can relax in the hotel’s finnish sauna, roman steam bath or indoor swimming pool. massages can be booked.
permanent art exhibitions fill the guestrooms and public spaces.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a balcony. there is also a dining table.
laundry services can be arranged, and housekeeping is performed daily.
penny’s diner is located on site and serves american fare for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
free wifi is available in public areas, and on site parking is free.
parking is available on site free of charge.
with only a 3-minute walk of the sandy beaches of gdańsk, the sunny apartament nadmorski features free wi-fi and bathroom and kitchen floor heating.
the accommodation offers an outdoor pool and free wifi.
the house has an original cave with a depth of 11 meters that guests can visit.
serviced apartments at somerset west bay are designed with contemporary interiors and modern fittings.
private bathrooms come with a bathrobe and free toiletries.
palace square is 500 metres from hochu priehat na bolshoy morskoy, while hermitage museum is 600 metres from the property.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
sightseeing arrangements and free wi-fi access are provided. guests who drive enjoy free private parking.
at holiday home slettevej ii you will find a sauna, a terrace and garden furniture.
düsseldorf airport is 7 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
piennarpää cottage is a detached holiday home with a terrace, located in kalmari.
free wifi is available throughout the property. free secured private parking is also available.
guests can enjoy a football match at the stadion im.loginova, 1 km away from the hotel.
towels and bed linen are featured.
a washing machine, tumble dryer and ironing facilities are available on site.
in summer an entertainment programme, including evening shows and excursions is organised.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv. some rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
free toiletries are available in the shared bathroom.
the hotel is just 400 metres from the nearest shops and restaurants, and 450 metres from colombia metro station.
the 24-hour front desk can arrange car rental to explore the old town of rhodes, at 8 km.
ocean pearl resort is set on almost 5 acres of beachfront property, with simple, colourful accommodation with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
at apartamenty maria you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
new hostel likehome is set in the krasnoselsky district in moscow, 1.6 km from olympic stadium and 1.9 km from bolshoi theatre.
all rooms are air-conditioned and feature a balcony with a garden, pool or sea view, a seating area, a tv with satellite channels and a telephone.
free parking is available at the apartment.
it features gaudí-style architecture and offers an outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities.
guests can enjoy black forest specialities in imbery’s traditional restaurant.
cottages are equipped with full kitchens.
the in-house restaurant serves delicious sardinian cuisine and classic mediterranean recipes.
the private bathroom offers a hairdryer and toiletries.
the styrian mountain golf mariahof golf course is 7 km away.
hotel grecs is situated a 15-minute walk from la perola beach. the cap de creus nature reserve is just a 5-minute drive away.
the property can assist with car rentals.
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport, 56 km from apartments na 70 let oktyabrya.
an outdoor pool is available along with billiards at shucker’s dockside grill.
each room is fitted with a tv. certain rooms have views of the garden or city.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv.
a grocery store and bakery is also found 500 metres away.
palma and its airport are around 45 minutes' drive away.
the on-site chinese restaurant serves northern cuisine and the western restaurant serves western food.
featuring an attractive décor, the bright villa includes a living-dining room with a fireplace, sofa bed and satellite tv. there are 2 kitchens, equipped with an oven, electric hob, dishwasher and washing machine.
the petra karađorđevića square can be visited within only 200 metres.
some also have a living area with a well-equipped kitchenette.
tortuga bay beach is a great tourist attraction and is located 2 km away from the apartment.
the resort offers a convenience store, coin laundry facilities and concierge service.
a swimming pool, garden and sauna are featured on site.
a limousine is available for airport pick-ups and other destinations.
offering on-site parking, it is a 20-minute from mae fah luang-chiang rai international airport.
guests will also enjoy the free daily breakfast as well as the modern fitness centre, complete with an outdoor swimming pool.
rooms at the manohar hyderabad come with satellite tv and personal safe.
this property boasts 4 dining options, a fitness centre with sauna bath and a rooftop swimming pool with panoramic views of golden temple and amritsar city.
they have a sofa and a dining area.
offering a barbecue, children's playground and terrace, guest house pravoslavnaya ulitsa 48a is set in adler in the krasnodar krai region.
extras include a dishwasher and coffee machine.
for meals, enjoy thai and russian cuisines at the on-site u ksenii restaurant.
located in nassau nature park, this family-run guest house offers free wi-fi, a breakfast buffet and a garden terrace.
perigiali air-conditioned units are decorated with respect to the local style and enjoy views to the pool, the sea, the gardens or the castle.
guests can enjoy relaxing massages or the use of a sauna and jacuzzi.
the accommodation features a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv. some units feature a terrace and/or patio.
the pond is only 150 metres away and there is a free, monitored parking on the site.
h4u casavacanze repubblica is 60 metres from corso buenos aires shopping street. milan centrale train station is a 10-minute walk away.
apartmenthaus solino is located in willingen. the apartments offer a large garden with a terrace, and guests receive a card allowing free use of over 70 leisure facilities, buses and trains in the nordhessen area.
some rooms have a lake view and a mountain view.
the rooms are fitted with hardwood floors and a flat-screen tv. a shower, a toilet and a wash basin come as standard in the en-suite bathroom.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace, ksar ljanoub is set in aït ben haddou in the souss-massa-draa region, 2 km from ait ben haddou.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
matovina offers homemade honey and cheese at a surcharge.
a hairdresser and a beauty salon can be found on site as well.
landgasthof ruedihus is less than 5 minutes’ walk away from victoria bus stop.
you can find bars and restaurants in la fortuna town, just 3 km from hotel brisas arenal.
it is 600 metres to olsztyn zachodni railway station.
located just 500 metres from the lago di castello lake, rifugio alevè is 2 km from pontechianale.
all units have a dining area and a seating area with a tv.
there is a wine store 300 metres from the apartment.
all feature showers with water jets.
there is a free, monitored, on-site parking.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
bedrooms at the hotel are spacious and elegant.
the lobby lounge features light fare and a variety of cocktails.
guests may make use of the hotel's 24-hour room service, as well as luggage storage and ticketing services at the 24-hour front desk.
the hotel offers warmly decorated rooms with wooden furniture.
all types of restaurants can be reached within a walking distance.
the property is 300 metres from lord's cricket ground and 800 metres from maida vale underground station.
the bed and breakfast has a sun terrace and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
rooms are air conditioned and feature satellite tv and an en suite bathroom with slippers and toiletries.
a seating area and sofa bed are provided in select suites.
free private parking is available, and annaberg-buchholz train station is 9 km from the guest house.
fitted with air conditioning and heating facilities, modern rooms at takatsuki feature a flat-screen tv, a fridge and green tea.
the small but lively fishing port of baltimore is just a 10-minute walk away from channel view.
lisbon portela airport is 8 km away from the sao bento charming flat.
they come equipped with a closet, work desk, and telephone.
the property includes a seating area with sofa and flat-screen tv.
there is a living room with a flat-screen tv with international channels.
all the apartments come with a seating and dining area with a tv. the kitchen is complete with a dishwasher, while the private bathrooms are complete with a shower.
located in plampinet, histoire de montagne is a 17th century farmhouse which features a terrace with panoramic views of the surrounding mountains.
the nearest shops and restaurants are 2 km from the property. salzburg is 20 km away.
a business centre is available, while free wi-fi access is provided throughout the property.
it features free wifi in all areas.
the 3-bedroom apartment has 2 bathrooms, including a bath, shower and hairdryer.
guesthouse pineapple is 1.5 km from karon circle and 7 km from patong centre.
not far from the laison, guests can enjoy a cable car ride offering panoramic views of dubrovnik’s old town and surrounding islands.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, apartments savin kuk offers accommodation 3.8 km from žabljak and 2.5 km from crno jezero lake.
palermo centrale train station is a 5-minute walk from the d'angelo b&b. the nearest beaches are approximately 7 km away.
stay in a authentic savoie village in the heart of the ski area la plagne-les arcs.
at a surcharge, guests can have breakfast and make use of the sauna, both located at pension christa, 50 metres away.
this ibis hotel is located in maubeuge in northern france, 100 meters from maubeuge train station.
free private parking is available on site.
the property offers free tea and coffee.
a private bathroom includes a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
a flat-screen tv is available.
bandaranaike international airport is 8 km from the property.
this property offers a unique homestay experience in a family house where guests can interact with the hosts.
the open-plan kitchenette comes with a dining table. the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
you can enjoy a mountain view from this accommodation.
pleasant air-conditioned rooms feature neutral shades and classic dark wood furnishings.
sawaya ryokan offers luggage storage, massage services and a spacious shared bathroom.
rooms at the royal olympic hotel offer elegant interiors, large windows and plush carpets.
the property offers free parking.
they are equipped with cable tv and a minibar, and bathrobes and slippers are provided.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
capitolium temple unesco heritage site is 15 minutes’ walk away.
there is a large dining room and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
a daily breakfast buffet is served at the hotel, and guests will find other options within a short 5-minute walk.
it offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi-fi.
breakfast is available as well.
relaxing thai massages are available on the premises.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
sun beds are available at the garden, where guests can relax while enjoying the sun.
some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
retro hotel révfülöp enjoys a convenient location 100 metres from the shore of lake balaton.
some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
located in northern texas, this motel is 12 miles from the hagerman national wildlife refuge.
hotel nusa dua is modernly decorated and fitted with air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite tv, and a safety deposit box.
we also have a car park at your disposal in front of the hotel.
some rooms have skylights.
enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony.
free private parking is available on site.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player are available in some units.
it is less than a mile from one of the largest shopping centers in the southeast, riverchase galleria.
the hotel serves a selection of mediterranean and international cuisine in its restaurant, which offers sea views.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
mudanjiang aizhilv apartment is a 12-minute drive from mudanjiang railway station.
located in cluj napoca, 1 km from the train station and city centre, green house apartment is a modern unit featuring a flat-screen cable tv and free wifi. the samsara tea house and restaurant is just 200 metres away.
the air-conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is available.
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
haus alpenheim is located in the village of umhausen in the ötz valley, 10 km from oetz and 20 km from sölden.
city inn zhanjiang chikan li jiao qiao is located in zhanjiang, about a 10-minute drive from jianhaiwan beach.
all air-conditioned rooms and apartments feature satellite tv.
each includes a kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator and stovetop.
l'orée de l'islette is situated 30 km from nice côte d'azur airport.
some also have a garden view, a minibar and a dining area.
the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 4 km from madona's house.
the nearest airport is karlovy vary international airport, 23 km from pension medard.
set right by florence's piazza della signoria, in a historical building, olga's house offers modern furnished rooms with free wifi.
the unesco world heritage sites of úbeda and baeza are around an hour's drive from the hotel.
free wifi access is provided.
the property is well placed for horse-riding, canoeing and archery, as well as scuba diving and golf at the nearby 18-hole puntaldia golf club.
pelagos apartments is situated 20 metres from the beach of kampos marathokampos in samos and features a swimming pool and free wi-fi.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the property is a 10-minute drive from phetcharat hospital and a 45-minute drive from khao kho.
situated in the typical engadin village of ardez with its historic sgraffito-adorned houses, the schorta's alvetern offers grisons cuisine, free internet access and a ski shuttle.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge.
a dining table for 4 is also included.
kotor is 9 km from apartment braic, while sveti stefan is 30 km away.
ragusa is 24 km from sicily relax, while noto is 50 km away. the nearest airport is comiso airport, 25 km from the property.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv.
all apartments have a private furnished balcony and a kitchen with dining area.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
this cottage features a living room with a fireplace including firewood.
free wifi access is available.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
rovinj marina is 1.5 km away, while the lively carera street is about 1.6 km from the property.
it offers rooms with air-conditioning.
europa hotel offers individually decorated rooms with wooden furnishings.
set 100 metres from pitangueira ́s beach in guarujá, this apartment features a terrace with sea views.
located in couëron, la trémière offers b&b accommodations equipped with free wi-fi, just 15 km from the centre of nantes.
there is a children’s playground and free private parking on site.
active guests can work out in the small gym.
coin-operated laundry machines are provided, and dry cleaning is available.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
the hotel offers a free airport shuttle service and 24-hour front desk.
the staff assists with car rentals and arranges airport shuttle services at an additional fee.
offering panoramic views of the surrounding countryside, residence corte camaldoli provides a free shuttle bus to and from garda centre every 15 minutes.
it offers en suite rooms with showers and satellite tv.
chiado is 150 metres away while rossio is 600 metres from the unit.
each offers a bar cabinet with nespresso coffee machine and kettle.
arequipa’s main square is 5 blocks away.
a bus stop is only 5 metres away.
common areas feature antique furniture.
each classically decorated room at saratovskaya hotel includes a flat-screen tv and a work desk.
at motel bordeaux, guests can use the dry cleaning, ironing and laundry services offered at the 24-hour front desk.
each room comes with a seating area and a tv with cable channels. a small refrigerator is provided as well.
nearby attractions range from museums, art galleries and vineyards.
bed linens are available.
ravensburg is 9 km away from the property and friedrichshafen is 12 km away.
the bathroom comes with a bath.
free wifi access is available in public areas.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom. a flat-screen tv is provided.
set in a tranquil location 300 metres from the beach in lignano, villa leda offers a garden, free private parking and self-catering accommodation. the centre of town is a 5-minute walk away.
free private parking is offered at the hotel.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
free private parking is available on site.
playa coronado is 33 km from cosa nostra, while santa clara is 3.6 km away.
the guest house is 500 metres from ulaanbaatar opera house, 600 metres from national museum of mongolian history and 700 metres from chinggis khan statue.
guests enjoy buffet breakfast with fresh fruits, juice, cookies and cakes.
offering free bikes, gite de la ronceraie is located in chaumont-sur-loire, just 10 km from amboise with its famous château and leonardo da vinci museum.
facilities offered at the property include a nightclub, a shared lounge and a children's playground.
this hotel is part of jean bosco catholic institute. free wifi access is available.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher, oven, a microwave and refrigerator. a coffee machine and a kettle are also featured.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, hi-fi system and a dvd player.there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
painted in a golden color with cherry wood trim, this four-bedroom house features a garden.
the nearest airport is côte d'azur airport, 7 km from the property.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the sophien hotel's varied breakfast buffet will give you all the energy you need in the mornings.
the kitchen features an oven and a microwave.
vegetables and hazelnuts are grown on site.
post 8 - ipanema is 1.6 km from apartamento domingos copacabana, while post 9 - ipanema is 2 km from the property.
centrally located in da nang city, thanh tien hotel operates a 24-hour front desk and offers comfortable rooms with minibar facility.
main bus station and ferry terminal are located 1 km from the studio mediteran, while split airport is at a distance of 22 km.
a hot breakfast buffet is offered each morning.
featuring a garden with an outdoor pool, island view is a villa set in jolly harbour.
all units have a satellite flat-screen tv.
sultanahmet district is 4 km away with many historical sites and ataturk airport is within 20 km.
a ski storage and bike storage is available at the property.
located in starigrad, 350 metres from the centre, apartments sunce is set in a quiet area and surrounded by olive trees, agava plants and lemon trees.
the air-conditioned chalets feature a fully equipped kitchen, separate living area and a balcony with a hammock.
the private bathrooms include a hairdryer.
a breakfast buffet is served every day.
dobogoko is 43 km from apartment lorinci ii vecses, while visegrád is 46 km from the property.
situated in the heart of fort myers beach and within walking distance of public beach access, this resort offers an outdoor pool and accommodations with a kitchen and a balcony.
free private parking is available on site.
the comfortably furnished rooms of the central hotel düsseldorf all include cable tv, a work desk and a private bathroom.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out image and sound museum (700 metres) and abolition palace (800 metres).
just 300 metres from the sandy panormos beach in rethymno, castelli studios & apartments features a pool with sun terrace and a snack bar.
providing free private parking, the apartment is 53 km from the eifel nationalpark.
guests of colombo holidays can enjoy an italian breakfast, served on a private terrace.
public parking spaces are located outside each cityrentals berlin apartment.
located in naxos, a paradise house in naxos features a garden and sun terrace. the white-washed house includes a balcony overlooking the sea.
each apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
complete with a private balcony that opens up to panoramic sea views, all units have air conditioning and a seating area.
a starbucks is also on site.
frias properties of aspen offers 9 holiday homes in aspen.
the cosy lounge, alte gleise, offers a relaxed atmosphere, fine wines and homemade german, polish and czech specialities, prepared from seasonal, locally grown ingredients. favourite dishes include a sauerkraut pot, polish bigos, goulash and german schnitzel with potatoes.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
every room is equipped with a tv with satellite channels.
dream home hostel 2 is less than a 10-minute ride from victory gate.
the nearest airport is julius nyerere international airport, 20 km from the property.
wi-fi in the entire property and free wi-fi are provided here.
hardly 50 metres from the lush green spice plantations and the munnar elephant ride, munnar blooms operates a 24-hour front desk.
greentree inn hainan sanya internat features free wifi .
a free shuttle services takes guests around to some of ipoh's most popular attractions.
latvian national opera is 2.5 km from warm & sunny studio, while riga congress centre is 2.6 km away.
hat sai ri and krom luang chumphon khet udomsak momumentis are 15 km from retro box hotel chumphon, thung wua laen is about 20 km. away.
it features numerous bars with a selection of cocktails.
featuring air conditioning, the property offers a tv with cable channel, a dvd player, as well as a kitchen and a dining area.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant, followed by a drink at the bar.
the pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area.
paestum train station is 2.5 km away.
guests can enjoy meals in the dining area in each apartment.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
blankenberge can be reached within 15 minutes by car.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
each guest room has a tv, wardrobe and tea and coffee facilities. all have an en suite bathroom with a bath and shower, as well as a hairdryer and toiletries.
the rooms at pamenkalnio are bright and with large windows.
the hotel also features a 24-hour front desk.
you can hire water sports equipment from the shop on the beach just outside, and the atlantic beach is just 7 minutes’ walk away from the hotel.
horní planá train station is 100 metres away from arnika apartmány.
waverley rail station and the airport bus stop are just over 1 mile away.
phuket international airport is 27 km away.
astypalaia town is 300 metres away.
there is one bathroom with shower.
it is opposite the bus stop for easy links around the island.
each bright and airy cottage at pink sands resorts is equipped with an ipod docking station and guests can borrow an ipod with preloaded songs.
all guests have access to a shared bathroom.
featuring a patio with bbq facilities, casa ciscar is located in piles, 2 km from a sandy beach.
each accommodation features a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
fitted with tiled flooring and patterned wallpaper, air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, seating area, minibar and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
they all offer views of the airport or terrace.
featuring rooms and apartments, it offers free wi-fi, a garage for an additional charge and free public parking, as well as a garden with a terrace.
this guest house enjoys a quiet location near the centre of spala, surrounded by the spala nature park.
maidan nezalezhnosti square is less than 1 km from the property.
located in umhausen in the ötz valley, a 7-minute walk from the village centre, haus matthias offers a large garden and free private parking.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and dvd player. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
each spacious room is set in a minimalist décor and is fitted lcd cable tv, a mini bar and air conditioning.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
the property is located 20-minute drive from pordenone and 17 km from maniago.
edwardu apartment offers accommodation in birżebbuġa, 50 metres from the beach and 9 km from valletta. the property features views of the sea is 13 km from st julian's.
both japanese- and western-style rooms are available at fujiyoshi inn, all with air conditioning, slippers and a tv.
the nearest airport is chiang mai international airport, 4 km from yellow pillow.
located in the aragonese pyrenees, this family-run guest house is in bielsa, between posets-maladeta and ordesa y monte perdido parks.
free wifi is available in all areas.
a seating area and dining table are provided.
it is a 20-minute drive from fertilia airport.
just 10 minutes’ drive from bury st edmunds, the hotel has a traditional restaurant.
bedford hotel has been owned and run by the baker family for over 30 years.
situated in rome, rome city center apartments offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the apartment is 300 metres from cavour metro station, while santa maria maggiore is a 5-minute walk away.
a free internet point is available at the 24-hour reception.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
there is a cafe a few doors down from the property, and further early-opening cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the b&b.
it is 9 km from cannes and 12 km from the perfume town of grasse.
thien mu pagoda is 5 km away from the hotel.
dog sledding, cross-country skiing and snowshoeing are possible in the surrounding area.
the property boasts views of the city and is 1 km from pompidou centre.
oberstdorf train station is 900 metres away, while the b190 motorway can be reached in 1.7 km.
the property’s common area offers a business corner with free access to computers with internet access.
the bathing lake faakersee is located 5 km away.
there is also a communal kitchen available in the guesthouse.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
private parking is available on site.
it has an outdoor pool, and the air-conditioned rooms have free wifi, cable tv and fans.
yasaka shrine and kiyomizu-dera temple are about a 5-minute drive from the hotel. sanjusan-gendo temple and kyoto national museum are both a 15-minute walk away.
private parking is free.
free wifi is available in the central cottage bar and free parking is possible on site.
the rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv. private bathrooms come with a shower, and the room also includes a desk and a fan.
other amenities include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
cocktails, drinks and light snacks are also available at the bar.
wine and liquor can be enjoyed at ran thanmbill bar.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, cycling and fishing.
for guests travelling by car, free private parking is possible at le clos de la roche.
other facilities at bay view inn 102-308 2nd apartment include an outdoor pool.
comfort double rooms have a flat-screen tv, desk and sofa bed. standard double rooms have a tv.
the free ski bus to the gastein valley stops just 100 metres away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
each room comes with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
this family-run property offers rooms with mediterranean sea and mountain views and a restaurant serving specialities from ischia island.
the holiday home is composed of 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, fitted with a bath or shower, a bidet and a shower.
surrounded by chestnuts, locanda il rustichello is set in crocetta in the tuscany region, 14 km from pontremoli city centre.
located only 300 metres from iracema beach, this practical hotel offers air-conditioned accommodation with breakfast and free wi-fi in the reception area.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
just 2 km from the nearest beach, it features 2 outdoor swimming pools and a restaurant.
six golf courses are within a 20 minutes’ drive of the courtyard phoenix.
you can also share meals with other guests and sample regional cuisine upon reservation 24 hours in advance.
with a country décor, each soundproofed room at le mousseau features a private bathroom with bathrobe, an electric kettle and free wi-fi.
no meals are served on site.
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
barajas airport is also easily accessed by metro.
there is a bonfire spot and barbecue facilities.
k star house operates a 24-hour front desk.
some rooms have 2 separate bedrooms.
a complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning.
the attached bathroom comes with hot shower facilities and a hairdryer.
many ski area can be found in the vicinity.
located 1.5 km from the medieval town, hôtel la bérangère offers a seasonal swimming pool, a terrace and a garden.
at the spa, guests can enjoy a steam bath, a session in the sauna or a swim in the indoor- or outdoor pool.
porto do trapiá pousada is only 500m from the center of sao miguel do gostoso, and 1,5 hours from são gonçalo do amarante international airport.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out wellington zoo (1.1 km) and basin reserve cricket ground (2.4 km).
the hotel offers a combination of fresh and friendly colours with comfort and functionality.
hiking, cycling and skiing paths can be found nearby.
the scenic centre of opatija can be reached within 5 km.
all are fitted with a cable tv, sofa seating area and a well-equipped kitchenette.
the garden grille is open all day and drinks are available at the garden bar.
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a flat-screen tv.
all rooms offer garden views.
san giusto cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
inside, there is a spacious lounge and a business centre.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
set over 2 floors, the villa includes a living room with a fireplace, satellite tv and a dvd player.
this guest house is located in a farm, surrounded by cows, bulls, pigs, hourses and different types of trees.
free wifi access is available.
air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a dvd player. tea/coffee making facilities and a personal safe are included.
each house has its own kitchen including a cooker with hob, coffee machine, dishwasher and washing machine, and the private bathrooms include a shower or bath tub.
the raleigh county memorial airport is just 2.7 miles away.
the place where the famous national fair is held is also just moments away.
the residence's apartments feature soft carpeted floors, a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette, and a balcony with views of the pale di san martino mountains.
bus stop the nearest airport is riga international airport, 60 km from the property.
the anima proeprty is located 550 metres from the pantheon.
balaton vendégház is located in siófok, 350 metres from lake balaton, and offers a garden with barbecue facilities, as well as free wifi access in all areas.
cadaqués is 30 km from appartement arago, while perpignan is 27 km from the property.
it offers free wi-fi, free parking and air-conditioned rooms.
each functional air-conditioned apartment has garden views and a fully equipped kitchen.
free parking is possible on site.
it is in the small village of arcumeggia, about 9 km from the lake shores.
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
offering a barbecue and views of the lake, russkoe podvorie is located in borovsk.
guests can take a stroll on the corniche street, which is 5 minutes by car from al morouj inn hotel. doha international airport is a 10-minute drive away.
you can play table tennis at the inn.
the nearest airport is london heathrow airport, 53 km from woodrows cottage.
arthur emery offers accommodation in los angeles. staples center is 1 km from the property, while the la convention center is 0.7 km away.
the town of bar is 14 km from the apartments zec.
tolyatti central train station is a 20-minute drive away, and kurumoch international airport is 60 km from the guest house.
the bathrooms come with shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
set in belgrade, apartment vračar offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
this guest house is 3.6 km from pernambuco beach.
free parking is provided, and killarney and the lakes of killarney are just a 15-minute drive away.
kodak theatre is 2.7 km away from this apartment.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment strelbishchenskiy per.
they are fitted with a flat-screen tv and refrigerator.
the nearest airport is valencia airport, 12 km from flatsforyou bed and bike marina.
situated in north swansea, premier inn swansea north is 8 miles from swansea airport and 2 miles from swansea football club.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
baan sai yuan has an outdoor pool and a children’s pool.
it features a sauna, and free private parking is provided.
palma de mallorca airport is located 21 km away.
outdoor seating options are available.
it features an ice-cream parlour and a shaded terrace overlooking the harbour.
the kitchen on site provides an oven and a refrigerator.
casa los islas also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
mexico city museum zone can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
featuring a garden with an outdoor pool, villa isla mallorca xxi is a detached villa located in benidorm in the valencia community region.
the kimpton hotel wilshire offers the roof on wilshire restaurant, serving california-french cuisine for lunch and dinner.
the corona offers a buffet breakfast daily, including sweet and savoury products.
maison la belle’s rooms have a fan and provide you with tv with cable channels.
all rooms have a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a tub.
this holiday home is 64 km from billund airport.
the cyganeria restaurant serves polish and international dishes.
safari world zoo, siam park city and kwan ream floating weekend market are a 15-minute drive away.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
free wi-fi and a flat-screen cable tv are included in all rooms at starlite motel. each air-conditioned guest room includes a mini-refrigerator and ironing facilities.
dalaman airport is a 45 minutes’ drive away.
complement your meal with a glass of locally produced wine.
at dom wypoczynkowy halina you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
featuring free wifi, apart-hotel camelot offers accommodation in pskov, 4 km from the trinity cathedral.
a private bathroom with a shower is provided in all olssons vandrarhem rooms, along with a wardrobe.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding, hiking and billiards. a tennis court and billiards are on site.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
it takes 20 minutes by taxi to taiyuan railway station. taiyuan wusu international airport is about 30 minutes’ drive away.
wi-fi is available in public area at no extra charge.
guests can also rent bicycles and ski equipment.
all rooms come with free wifi.
the hotel also provides laundry services.
offering a barbecue and views of the garden, magnolia villa is located in jaipur in the rajasthan region, 1.6 km from birla mandir temple, jaipur.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the bright and airy rooms at hülya hotel are decorated with parquet floors, warm colours, and wooden furniture.
some rooms come with a patio.
all rooms include a lounge with sofa, a dvd player and a flat-screen tv. the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, an oven and a fridge.
ferienweingut hensler provides free private parking on site, and also has a secure garage for motorcycles and bicycles.
a free morning shuttle goes to tokyo station twice daily.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
located in the bustling seoul city, baekje hotel is a 15-minute walk from gayang subway station.
sunrise blace apartments also includes a sun terrace.
some rooms also boast views of the garden.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a refrigerator.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
apartment jana pawła ii is a self-catering accommodation located in warsaw, just 450 metres from museum of polish jews' history and 1.7 km from the old town.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
agioi apostoloi beach is 1.8 km away.
the nearest airport is ben gurion airport, 19 km from the property.
all of them have plasma tvs, air conditioning and private bathrooms.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
it boasts a rooftop pool, gym and spa.
the silvretta all inclusive card is included in all rates during summer season.
hotel karczyce is located 14 km from wrocław stadium.
at the on-site wellness area you will find an indoor pool, hot tub and well-equipped fitness centre, as well as a sauna and turkish bath.
siesta key commerce district is 4 km away.
guests enjoy free return airport transfers.
futur hôtel is a modern property offering free wifi and a drinks vending machine, a 10-minute walk from the futuroscope theme park.
it offers free parking and free wifi, a heated swimming pool, and a sea-view rooftop terrace.
the cathedral is 450 metres away, while albaicín and sacromonte are 2 km away.
the nearest airport is nice côte d'azur airport, 22 km from the property.
d'mall boracay is 300 metres from boracay secret, the hobbit house, while willy's rock is 2.2 km away.
the closest metro station is avenida, less than 10 minutes’ walking from the studio.
hiking tours and an airport shuttle can be organised by staff.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hydromassage shower.
at cala alta you will find a garden with a children's playground and a terrace.
the rooms feature simple furnishings and a tv.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the air-conditioned apartment will provide you with a cable tv, seating area with sofa and washing machine. there is a fully-equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
the springhill suites pensacola by marriott is located 20 minutes’ drive from pensacola beach.
las ramblas, the gothic quarter and plaça de catalunya are less than 1.5 km away.
this 9-storey apart hotel was inaugurated in 2007 in the palermo district of buenos aires.
dino park mini golf is 400 metres from karon beach house, while kata noi beach is 2.3 km from the property.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
a fridge and tv are included in all rooms at the julia hotel.
alterrace restaurant offers a daily breakfast buffet with freshly baked bread with coffee as well as traditional japanese dishes made from carefully selected local ingredients.
the lobby offers free coffee in the late afternoon, and there are drink vending machines on site.
some rooms feature views of the sea or mountain.
rooms at quinta do lagar are simply furnished. they provide heating, tvs and en suite bathrooms.
this victorian-style inn features vintage furniture and paintings by local artists.
free wifi is offered .
mar andino offers rooms with satellite tv and free wi-fi.
the sandy beach of san leone is 4 km away.
free, private parking is provided at the chalet de la source, and cluzes train station is 18 km away.
acc liverpool is 3.2 km from sefton grange , while liverpool echo arena is 3.2 km from the property.
rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
hartsfield jackson atlanta international airport and georgia international convention center are 9 miles away.
the pool bar serves refreshments and snacks, while 1 of the 2 outdoor swimming pools is dedicated to the children.
all the guestrooms are fitted with air conditioning, a fan and a flat-screen cable tv. the bathroom is stocked with a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
a business centre and fitness centre are both on site.
aqua blue flatlets lies around 11 km from the lively naoussa town and 10 km from paros airport.
the property is 2.5 km from the fc sarajevo stadium and from sarajevo zoo.
carpeted rooms are fitted with air conditioning, a tv and a mini-fridge.
casa do moinho is a 2-floor house in santa cruz, just 2 km from the nearest beach area.
the property features views of the city and is 400 metres from novy vek shopping centre.
a full english breakfast is served buffet style every morning at the hotel’s dining room.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast in the comfort of their rooms, or at the hotel's dining area.
one agi torre quimeta apartment is set inside a restored mediaeval tower next to the apartment block.
the property offers free parking.
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport, 64 km from the property.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
athinios port is at 10 km.
situated in the western part of hvar, this property offers homely two-bedroom apartments with a terrace or balcony with partial sea views. apartments abba hvar is 400 metres from the beach and 850 metres from the city centre.
the nearest airport is samana el catey international airport, 19 km from the property.
a free transfer to or from the airport is available.
a gift shop and a mini-market are set for your convenience.
bungalows also have a private bathroom.
madrid is 30 minutes’ drive away and a private parking is available nearby at an extra cost.
the kitchen is equipped with a coffee machine, oven and microwave.
a barbecue is available for guest use. free parking is offered.
a flat-screen tv, as well as an ipod docking station are provided.
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
the catamaran port is 1 km from the property, while the ferries can be boarded 12 km away.
the property offers free parking.
an italian breakfast including fresh fruit and yoghurt, as well as pastries is served each morning.
during the week, the air-conditioned units are serviced by a house keeper.
all accommodation features cable tv and modern bathrooms.
there is also a shared living room.
a sweet buffet breakfast is available each morning and the à la carte restaurant opens on request for dinner.
the town of spodnja idrija is locally known for tradition and preserving the heritage of its ancestors.
many shops and restaurants can be found in chamonix.
the beach is 700 metres away.
the property is just 1 km from the janardhana swamy temple.
tastefully decorated, the rooms of vogue hotel include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, free high-speed wifi, safe and a minibar.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
universal studios hollywood is 15 minutes' drive from the hotel.
it has a living area, a terrace with fountain and a kitchen featuring stove, barbecue, microwave and fridge.
the air-conditioned rooms come with a satellite tv, minibar and a fridge.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the bright rooms here are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a sofa bed, a desk, and a private bathroom with a shower.
each room at hotel giza is decorated in a classical style and has a kettle.
a varied breakfast buffet is served every morning from 06:30 either in the b&b or in the römerhof restaurant, 180 metres away.
gran canaria airport is 36 km away.
at hostal green light you will find a 24-hour reception, a snack bar, and a garden terrace.
bressanone is a 30-minute drive away.
salt lake city international airports is 10 minutes’ drive of the homes.
the self-catered and air-conditioned villa boasts a private pool, stone-paved terrace with sun beds, bbq facilities and free wi-fi.
located atop a hill with a view of costa azul beach, surfincabo overlooks the ocean, the complex offers free wi-fi, a spa and outdoor pool.
free wi-fi access is available.
the accommodation has a seating area.
lake view apartments akrotiri is located right opposite the lake in akrotiri village.
open since 1970, camoscio hotel includes mountain-view rooms furnished in typical alpine décor with parquet or carpeted floors.
the apartments are non-smoking and there is a 24-hour front desk.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi-fi access is provided.
gom hostel offers homely and well-appointed accommodation right next to dongdaemun history & culture park subway station (lines 2, 4 and 5), providing easy access to popular tourist sites in seoul.
this bungalow comes with a seating and dining area including a flat-screen tv and a fireplace, while outside there is a furnished terrace with a parasol.
mina gerais is a new hotel situated in the heart of ouro preto ́s historical centre.
the apartments here feature a seating area, cable tv, a private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen.
explore nature by foot, as cars are not permitted in this beautiful village.
located in parigny, hôtel le dahu features a garden, a terrace and a children’s playground. free wi-fi access is available for guests.
guests can also explore the surrounding area where a culinary area is reachable within a 20-minute drive.
each unit features a flat-screen tv, a fridge, a microwave, a kettle and kitchenware.
maryland apartman is 500 metres from the heroes’ square and the kodály körönd m1 metro station and offers self-catering accommodation in different locations in budapest. free wifi is provided.
located in sankt moritz, 300 metres from the cable cars, chesa il rifugio is a non-smoking chalet with a terrace, mountain views and free wifi access.
free wifi is featured and free private parking in the courtyard is available.
staff at the front desk are available 24 hours daily to attend to guests' requests. they can assist with car rental arrangements, laundry and babysitting services.
tigh na cloich hotel is an elegant victorian house with gardens, en suite rooms and free wi-fi. pitlochry town centre is just 2 minutes’ walk away.
the property organises a daily city tour and pub crawl.
free toiletries are provided.
each uniquely decorated guest room at barrows house boasts cable tv and an en suite bathroom.
south beach is a 3-minute drive, and miami beach golf club is a 6-minute drive from the hotel.
featuring built-in beds and traditional décor, all air-conditioned rooms open to a balcony overlooking the garden or fira town.
children can enjoy outdoor activities throughout the day organized by a group of professionals.
hostellerie des guides is set right on the ski slopes in cervinia.
the distance to batumi airport is 10 km from the property.
sheremetyevo international airport is 12 km away.
located in the tuscan countryside, ll casale is 5 km from poggibonsi centre.
jeanette kawas national park is just 12 km from the property, and guests can also visit the lancetilla botanical gardens, situated less than 5 km from hotel maya vista.
situated in the village of messaria, kalma is a traditional cycladic-style hotel featuring a swimming pool and a poolside bar.
the olomouc zoo, as well as the svatý kopeček pilgrimage place, is located at the distance of 12 km.
you will have free wifi and free parking on site.
a tv and a safety deposit box are also provided.
rome fiumicino airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car or train.
sky tower is 8 km from sweet town house, while skycity auckland convention centre is 8 km away.
the town is home to many festivals and exhibitions which add more colour to this already appealing destination.
free parking is possible on spot and a bicycle storage room is provided, as well.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
apartments agrijan also includes a barbecue.
guests enjoy a buffet breakfast daily. it is served either on the terrace or in the breakfast room.
some of the rooms enjoy elegant lake views.
rooms at hotel e pousada do rosa - eireli are decorated in light and tranquil colours.
en-suite rooms have a balcony with mountain views and cable tv.
start off your day with a hot complimentary continental breakfast before exploring the area's attractions.
accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a seating area and satellite channels. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the modern bathroom comes with a shower over bathtub.
foros is 31 km from apartment on ochakovtsev 39, while simeiz is 44 km away.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
apartments have a kitchen with an oven, a refrigerator, a flat-screen tv. the bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
featuring a terrace, the air-conditioned accommodation is fitted with a dining area and a seating area with a tv. all units feature a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge.
het tweede leven benefits from a peaceful location in the countryside in gaveren, and offers free wifi throughout the bed and breakfast, a garden with a shared terrace and free barbecue facilities.
furnished in typical alpine style, the apartments are at least 30 m2 in size and come with a fully equipped kitchen, a cable tv and a private bathroom.
a 24-hour reception can assist guests with car and bicycle hire.
you can play billiards at the inn.
composed of 1 bedroom with air conditioning, and 1 bathroom with bath or shower and bidet, this holiday home features a tv and a washing machine.
the property offers free parking.
guest house na lenina is located in anapa, 41 km from novorossiysk.
the private bathroom comes with a bath tub or shower and free toiletries.
indian wells resort guests have access to the private course.
the apartments are 500 metres from cathedral of saint virgin mary and 2 minutes’ walk from the belrusian national arts museum.
the restaurant serves traditional cantabrian cuisine and there is also a café with a terrace looking onto the gardens.
casa margarita is 200 metres from the zócalo, san cristobal de las casas’ main square.
pantnagar ginger is 8 km from rudrapur railway station. it is 38 km from the nainital lake and 40 km from the china peak.
a deep freeze chamber can be booked in the spa.
at ferienhaus perle you will find a garden and a terrace.
the traditional restaurant with beer garden serves international and regional specialities for lunch and dinner.
the centre of innsbruck can be reached by tram line 3, which stops 200 metres away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
guests can arrange airport shuttles and bicycle rentals through the ashram.
local taverns, cafés and super markets can be found at 100 metres from armeno studios, while a bus stop is located 20 metres away.
friedrichshafen airport is 32 km away.
freewifi access is available.
set on the countryside between umbria and tuscany, this stone farmhouse features a garden with panoramic swimming pool, and offers both rooms and apartments to give you a wider choice.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
tanger factory outlets are 17 miles from the motel. the ferry between lewes, delaware and cape may, new jersey is 20 miles away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a buffet breakfast is served daily.
free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
elounda village is in a very close distance of 2 km and plaka village is situated in a distance of 2.5 km. airport and the port of heraklion are around 72 km.
magellan is a villa with a balcony, located in benissa. the unit is 25 km from benidorm.
free wi-fi, satellite tv and a minibar are standard in every room.
within 3 km from the hotel, guests can reach po nagar cham tower, thap ba mineral hot spring centre and hon chong promontory.
the bauhaus foundation museum is a 7-minute walk away.
most rooms include a view.
offering maple natural light, all rooms come with a flat-screen cable tv, an electric kettle, a work desk and a seating area.
there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave. a fridge and stovetop are also available, as well as a kettle.
featuring free wifi and a barbecue, yeiskwind mini-hotel offers pet-friendly accommodation in yeysk. guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
phnom penh international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
the resort also offers bike hire.
some also have a fully equipped kitchen.
jericoacoara ́s center village is 200 metres from villa medina jeri, while dune por do sol is 200 metres away.
the bathroom comes with free toiletries.
a sweet pre-packaged breakfast is served in the common living area.
certain units are air conditioned and all feature a private or shared bathroom.
several bars and restaurants are within a 10-minute walk of the property.
church of the savior on spilled blood is 6 km from hostel salova 29, while saint isaac's cathedral is 6 km away.
located in the coastal village of khosta, golden palm hotel provides modern accommodation with views over the black sea and a swimming pool.
posada karut josh is 600 metres from the bus terminal and 23 km from el calafate airport.
at les oiseaux - chambres d'hôtes, other facilities offered include a shared lounge.
pienza is 10 km away.
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
modern, air-conditioned rooms feature flat-screen satellite tv, free wifi and a minibar.
this property has 2 light and spacious rooms.
mountain house ski lifts are 5 minutes’ walk from the apartment.
currency exchange is available.
private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
tivat airport can be reached in 25 km.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet.
wi-fi is free throughout the property.
the furnished terrace offers town views and garden views.
it offers yoga, ayuvervedic treatments and massages.
baan da-laar boutique rooms pranburi is a 15-minute drive from patravadi theatre/ vic hua hin.
complimentary wifi is available throughout and room service can be conveniently reached 24/7.
a microwave, refrigerator and cable tv are provided in each guest room.
overlooking the pool or garden, each room comes with air conditioning, cable tv and a fridge. en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower and a set of free toiletries.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
gallipoli is a 30-minute drive away.
you can also benefit from the facilities of 5-star liberty lara beach hotel, such as breakfast, lunch, dinner and drinks at a surcharge.
offering a terrace and views of the sea, avcilar zeugma park hotel is located in avcılar.
chisinau airport is 14 km away.
all air-conditioned and soundproofed rooms offer garden or sea views, and come with a flat-screen cable tv, a minibar and a safe.
some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
there is room service and hairdresser's at the property.
visp is 27 km away.
fresh towels and linens are provided in each room.
solna is 43 km from holiday home osmo i, while södertälje is 29 km from the property.
peacefully situated to the north of eppelheim, this family-run hotel offers cosy rooms with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv. look forward to wonderful views of heidelberg.
daily breakfast is served in buffet style at hotel murat.
a grocery shop and a bakery can be found within 100 metres.
there is a billiards table and table tennis facilities, as well as a 24-hour front desk service.
the property offers free parking.
the vincci selección rumaykiyya is built in a typical alpine style to match its mountainous surroundings.
they are individually decorated and features include tea/coffee making facilities and a flat-screen tv.
within walking distance of the complex, guests will find traditional taverns and mini markets.
guests can benefit from a fully equipped kitchenette with a coffee maker and a dining area.
private bathrooms have a bidet spray and shower facility.
guests can relax in the lounge area or in the sauna.
featuring wooden flooring, central heating and stylish interior, each townhouse comes with facilities like a flat-screen tv with english and chinese satellite channels, and a dvd player.
surrounded by olive groves, suite d’artista offers self-catering accommodation in various sizes, all with contemporary artwork.
the toirano caves are a 20-minute drive away.
the premier inn preston (cuerden valley) is less than a mile (1.5 km) from lostock hall and bamber bridge rail stations, with trains to preston, blackpool, blackburn and burnley.
located on ustica island, baglio l'antico forno is 700 metres from ustica harbour.
hiking and cycling trails are easily accessible from pension wastlhöhe hohenwarth, and the matchstick museum is 3.7 km away.
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher, fridge, stovetop and an oven.
buses to the tauplitz alm ski slopes leaves from 200 metres away, and the hotel has ski storage facilities.
set in a 2-hectare park in the verdon regional nature park, hôtel restaurant l'ermitage features an outdoor swimming pool, 3 terraces, a bar, a restaurant and panoramic views of the mountain.
guests can cook and enjoy a gourmet meal in the full kitchen.
at shengsi huajing villa you will find a garden and a terrace.
at apart lima 265 you will find a 24-hour front desk.
there is also a comfortable air-conditioned seating area and a furnished terrace overlooking the gardens.
the dino park is 300 metres from the property and the babylon aqua park is 2 km away.
located at la suze sur sarthe, close to le mans, the hotel saint-louis welcomes you in a family and friendly atmosphere.
set in its garden featuring a swimming pool, it offers free private parking, and a sweet breakfast daily.
vologda airport is 10.3 km from the hotel.
located 500 metres from original starbucks store, seattle prominence apartment offers accommodation in seattle.
bologna airport is a 35-minute drive from the hotel.
buffet breakfast is served in a characteristic hall with stone walls and sofas.
it offers 5-star facilities that include a variety of elegant and well-appointed rooms and suites reflecting a contemporary malaysian style, with sweeping views over andaman sea and gunung mat chinchang rainforest.
featuring a fireplace, the living area includes a dining table and tv.
featuring free wifi, an outdoor pool and a seasonal outdoor pool, guest house karina offers accommodation in gelendzhik, 1.3 km from the black sea coast.
a dining area is also provided in every flat.
liberty avenue is 1.4 km from your home in palacio santa catarina, while amoreiras is 1.7 km away.
each room includes a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
each apartment has a double bed and a bathroom with bath.
the resort has a children's playground and terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar. free private parking is available on site.
free private parking is also available on site.
free private parking is available on site.
the jamestown settlement and the jamestown glasshouse are less than 8 miles from the property.
extras include a fireplace and a private pool.
an airport shuttle service is available for an extra charge.
elysium has 2 tennis courts, a scuba diving center and a gym.
quimper is a 40-minute drive away.
each has a privacy blind and a tv. bathrooms and toilets are shared, with free toiletries and shared-use hairdryers.
playa de caleta de velez is 300 metres away, and playa de torre del mar beach is 500 metres away.
there is also a dining area.
the nearest airport is humberside airport, 21 km from dolphin rooms.
estombar-lagoa train station is 7 km away and via do infante, offering motorway access to the whole algarve, is 5 km away.
sanya golden sojourn resort is a 20-minute drive from sanya bay and a 40-minute drive from dadonghai bay or tianyahaijiao scenic area.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and provide free toiletries.
only 800 metres from golden beach, hotel surya garden offers rooms with either a fan or air conditioning.
set on extensive grounds, on the edge of the oria river, this guest house features spectacular views.
it is furnished in a contemporary style and
free wifi access is available throughout, and a sweet breakfast is provided daily.
guests staying at munay ledesma can request assistance at the 24-hour front desk.
the large rooms at euro park hotel hennef include an armchair, work desk and a private bathroom with shower. all rooms also feature a flat-screen tv with international satellite channels.
it offers free wifi internet access, free private parking and a large terrace.
there’s also a lobby bar serving alcoholic drinks.
frivagten is located in rudkøbing.
the 4-bedroom house will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a living room and a dining area.
alma is 36 km from mobay kotch, while rose hall is 14 km away.
baan aoulabah offers a garden, a shared lounge and lockers.
guests enjoy a 60% discount in the aquapark president.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and diving.
in addition to peaceful accommodation, the hotel city inn features a restaurant serving asian specialities.
all rooms at the dar elbreija are equipped with a fan.
rooms come with a cable tv and work desk.
klong jark bungalow has a tour desk and arrangements can be made for diving, snorkelling and fishing.
the state museum is 600 metres away, while lake pátzcuaro is 4 km away.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool, tennis court and free wi-fi internet access.
the only hotel located right on istiklal avenue in taksim, the centre of entertainment, culture and shopping, richmond istanbul is surrounded with historical buildings and churches.
just 5 minutes’ walk from lake merimbula, anchorbell offers self-contained apartments with flat-screen satellite tv and dvd players.
rooms at the recanto feature tile flooring and en suite facilities including shower.
parking is available free of charge on site.
on request meals prepared with organic produce from the orchard can be prepared.
the shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
for guests arriving by train, paola train station is 14 km away.
its studios offer a balcony overlooking the garden or pool.
the unesco-protected town of trogir is 15 km away.
meals can be prepared in the apartment kitchenette, which includes a coffee machine.
featuring free wifi, vatican guesthouse is situated in rome, 600 metres from vatican museums.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out panoramabahn großarltal 1 (400 metres) and hochbrandbahn (500 metres).
at hotel joabi there is a 24-hour front desk and a bar. the property offers free parking.
the property features a garden, a terrace and an outdoor pool.
nikulinskaya mini-hotel is located in moscow, 8 km from bitsa park.
supermarkets and restaurants can be found 500 metres away.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
the property offers free parking.
the rooms include a shared bathroom.
the large komsomolsky avenue is just 300 metres away, and offers many shops and restaurants.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a refrigerator and microwave oven.
the ritz hotel features a private car park, bar, and 24-hour reception.
the old town is reachable in 10 minutes by tram.
with air conditioning, each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom is equipped with a bath or shower, bidet and free toiletries.
only a 3-minute walk from erhai lake, faier harbour inn is located in dali ancient town.
kids can also have fun in the games room and professional child care is available on request.
just 10 metres from the beach in grebbestad, this self-catering apartment offers sea views.
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities, room service and daily housekeeping.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace.
set in historical xitang ancient town, j hotel resort features contemporary décor and offers a tranquil environment with a garden and a sun terrace for guests to relax in.
additionally, apartments have a kitchen and a living room.
a bus stop in front of the hotel links to chiusi-chianciano terme train station, a 20-minute ride away.
a children’s playground is also on site.
the medieval sanctuary of madonna delle armi in cerchiara di calabira can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car.
computers are available in the lobby for guest use.
you can enjoy garden view.
the warsaw chopin airport is 25 km away.
the studios offer a bathroom, a fully equipped kitchenette, flat-screen tv with cable channels and a washing machine.
monumental metro station is a 5-minute walk from the apartment.
private bathroom has a shower and the toilet is equipped with an electronic bidet.
set in steamboat springs, this apartment is 1.8 km from steamboat ski resort.
free private parking is available on site.
the rooms are located in an apartment, where guests can find shared kitchen facilities.
located in the mantaille region of anneyron, les bibu chambres meublées is a guest house sitting in a garden with terrace and children’s playground.
vilnius central station is within 750 metres.
it has a spacious garden with indoor and outdoor pools and a sun terrace.
rooms and bungalows are fitted with a kitchenette. they come with a flat-screen satellite tv, air conditioning and seating area.
escape theme park is a 40-minute drive away.
situated in weifang, 800 metres from weifang people's park, weifang fuhong business hotel features free wifi access and free private parking.
hotel piccolo paradiso is 12 km from salò.
free wifi access is available.
the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
guests at the olympic can dine in the dining room, which is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
there are also state-of-the-art conference and banqueting facilities for up to 200 people.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
a safety deposit box can be used at an additional charge.
all air-conditioned studios and apartments at gera bay are bright and open to a patio or balcony with aegean sea, garden or pool views.
gimpo international airport is 15 km away.
a continental breakfast is served in high season and an american breakfast is offered in low season.
if you are in the need of an excitement rush, you can of course head to the hotel casino, which is popular in the area.
rotterdam the hague airport is located 106 km away and the property offers free parking.
the hotel has a children's playground, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
located on the zavala peninsula in budva, apartments harmonia budva is 50 metres from the nearest beach and 500 metres from bečići beach. sveti stefan is 3.9 km from the property.
conveniently located 1 mile from stratford rail and tube station, the viking hotel boasts excellent links across london and to all major airports.
guests are offered a sauna and rooms with air conditioning.
these apartments are in the pretty village of liesenich, a 20-minute drive from ellenz-poltersdorf.
tsutenkaku is 1.6 km from fuku hostel -nagomi- namba, while shitennoji is 1.7 km from the property.
guests can enjoy the outdoor terrace with barbecue facilities.
the sport promotion apartment is decorated with warm tones, elegant furniture and parquet floors.
marbella bus station is 8 km from apartment marbella-puerto banús, while plaza de los naranjos is 8 km away.
beach bars and restaurants can be found within short walking distance.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
the property is 100 metres from the sacred art museum and 400 metres from agustín rivera museum.
guest house aviator is located in petrozavodsk, just 2 km from chalna river. set in a quiet part of the forest, it is close to a number of lakes where guests can fish and go mushroom picking.
every unit comes with a private bathroom with bathrobes and free toiletries.
you can explore wen temple and hongshan park in a walking distance of the hotel.
marina gdynia is 500 metres from apartament seatowers, while planetarium is 600 metres from the property.
rooms are comfortable and equipped with tv, telephone and private bathroom.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom with bathrobes and slippers.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is offered.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
at big blue apartments you will find a garden with trees and a sun terrace with a shaded area.
marina court alamanda homestay is situated just a 3-minute walk from entertainment options at the kota kinabalu waterfront.
the picasso museum is approximately 2 km from the inturjoven and málaga cathedral is a 25-minute walk away.
a car-hire service is provided by d. dinis and there is free public parking.
the inn also offers car hire.
pousada das rosas features a terrace, which boasts panoramic mountain views, and rooms with central heating.
about a 5-minute walk from its private beach area in sarimsakli, efsanem hotel features an outdoor pool and a sun terrace with loungers. there is a 24-hour front desk and free wi-fi is accessible in public areas.
you will have a fully equipped kitchenette and satellite tv. bed linen and bath towels are included.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
guests benefit from terrace.
the town of spilinga, famous for its ‘nduja salami production, is 8 km from the apartments.
a shared terrace with barbecue facilities is at guests' disposal.
it offers free wi-fi and a terrace overlooking the mountains.
tropical garden cunucu villas can provide information on things to see and do in aruba. the island is ideal for water sports, including windsurfing, diving and snorkelling.
room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
all of the tastefully furnished en suite rooms have tvs and tea/coffee making facilities.
additional features include bbq facilities and free private parking on site.
the soundproofed guest rooms feature a living room and an lcd tv.
the bathrooms have a hydromassage bath and a shower.
the city centre is a 5-minute walk away.
just 1-hour drive from the city of barcelona, portaventura® hotel portaventura offers guests free unlimited entry to the theme park and has direct access to the mediterranean area.
guests at sujiyu shikinoyado can enjoy one of the soothing public hot spring baths, which are separate per gender.
rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a cable tv, clothes rack and a telephone.
extras include a desk, bed linen and cleaning products.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
other facilities at calella mar include a terrace.
the nearest airport is bali denpasar international airport, 28 km from sadri bungalow.
all rooms feature hardwood floors, wooden furniture, a seating area and a tv. each room comprises a private bathroom with a shower.
the 2 children are also served a free full breakfast, when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast.
the nearest airport is vnukovo airport, 23 km from the property.
housed within an ancient wine cellar and decorated with stonewall elements, the apartment is elegant and comprises a flat-screen cable tv, sofa seating and a kitchen with dining area.
situated in a stone-built mansion, gazi konagi butik hotel offers views of mardin castle and the plains of mesopotamia from its terraces.
it offers rooms and apartments in different locations of dubrovnik's old town, all within 300 metres of each other and only 100 metres from banje beach.
each room at the 3-star art & jazz hotel will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a desk, as well as a memory foam mattress.
featuring air conditioning, apartments katalyn offers accommodation in privlaka.
guests have access to fire pits and a common games area at the bed and breakfast york creek. a hot tub is also available.
every unit has a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the park lane hong kong, a pullman hotel, is within a 10-minute stroll from various shopping and entertainment options.
a private bathroom features a shower with available towels in each non-smoking room.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving.
free wifi is available.
guests can benefit from yavuz hotel’s 24-hour reception.
all colourful rooms at b&b villa madame feature satellite tv and air conditioning.
cable tv and a seating area are provided in the rooms at days inn petoskey.
the property offers spacious suites with free wi-fi access.
with hardwood floors, this two-bedroom apartment boasts a flat-screen tv in the living room and air conditioning in one of the bedrooms.
maxima irbis hotel offers a range of comfortable accommodation to suit different needs and budgets.
the university of minnesota, the metrodome and the numerous shops at nicollet mall are all easily accessible from the minneapolis convention center holiday inn express.
it also has 2 bedrooms with large windows and 2 bathrooms.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, diving and fishing.
homemade cakes, yoghurt and more sweet items are served daily for breakfast.
a toaster and refrigerator are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
the atmosphere of hotel benaco is warm and welcoming.
each air-conditioned room at the rockford hilton garden inn is furnished with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker.
free private parking and a large garden are available on site.
all of them have a balcony and a complete bathroom.
fragrance hotel – crystal is located in vibrant geylang, a 10-minute drive from the popular orchard road.
relaxation options include a sauna, massage chairs and a hot tub.
please note that the hotel does not accept american express cards.
cicada market is a 15-minute drive away and local thai restaurants can be found 100 metres away.
guests can borrow bicycles or rent a car at the property.
every room includes a cable tv with premium cable channels.
meals can be prepared in the kitchen with an oven, stovetop and kitchenware.
guests can enjoy free wi-fi in public areas and free on-site parking.
sandton gautrain station is 2.5 km from the property.
pula airport is located 67 km from the property.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
common facilities at strandly skagen hotel include a garden and a terrace.
barvikha hills luxury also includes a sauna and sun terrace.
a 32-inch flat-screen tv with free-to-air or satellite channels is standard in most studio apartments.
it is 6 km to jurgów ski lift and 14 km to the town of zakopane.
guests also enjoy a shop, restaurant and bar can be found just 30 metres away.
this modern-style property has a shared lounge with tv and offers free wi-fi throughout.
it serves local seafood specialities, including the cacciucco fish stew, and pizza.
bungalow sr is a 5-minute walk from bophut beach and a 20-minute drive from samui airport.
guests can also simply relax in the zen garden, or can book a massage or acupuncture session.
guests can approach the tour desk for day trips arrangements.
bikes can be hired for exploring florence’s historical centre.
the on-site a la carte restaurant also serves lunch and dinner.
basilica of saint paul is less than a 20-minute walk from the property.
the property is 2 miles away from the rock and roll hall of fame museum and a 14-minute drive away from the cleveland museum of art.
margaritaville is a short walk away.
the ernakulam south railway station is 14 km while the cochin international airport is 45 km.
it is located 35 km from lisbon airport.
holiday home fjælstaunijn nexø is located in snogebæk. it can accommodate up to eight guests.
on a quiet residential street, close to the river in inverness, this 4-star apartment is just 2 minutes’ walk from the rail station and the restaurants, bars, and cafes of the city centre.
a buffet-style breakfast of sweet and savoury products is available.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the restaurant routier serves a simple set menu for lunch and dinner during the week.
free parking is available.
the apartment comes with modern decor and an open-plan lounge and dining area.
at kamp highlander you will find an airport shuttle, a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
rogers arena is 1.5 km from howard johnson hotel vancouver.
the complex is located just outside the village of poyales del hoyo. the nearby sierra de gredos regional park is known for its dense forests and small mountain streams.
breakfast and dinner are served in the manducare restaurant.
pod vicini bus stop and spořilov tram stop are 400 metres away.
in the evening you can relax in dal moro gallery's wine bar, accompanied by live piano music. choose from over 100 different regional and international wines and a large selection of grappa.
a well-equipped gym is provided for guests that like to keep fit.
situated in westlands, dusitd2 nairobi combines modern and contemporary design.
other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathroom.
car and bike rental can be organised upon request.
free wifi access is available.
guests are greeted with a welcome drink and can choose the style of their room, which is subject to availability.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkeling, sunbathing and canoeing.
the beautiful grounds at barony castle feature fishing lakes, leafy terraces and a croquet lawn.
situated centrally in esenyurt distrct of istanbul, grand dedem hotel is 6 km from tuyap convention centre.
it is surrounded by a planted garden and the masone labyrinth is 4 km away.
offering a year-round outdoor pool, a sun terrace and terrific sea views, sanya yi jia seaview holiday apartment offers cosy, relaxing guestrooms with free wifi.
guests can work out in the gym or discover porto by bike.
with garden and mountain views, this heated apartment is equipped with a tv, a simple kitchenette and a private bathroom with shower and bidet.
just 15 metres from the venier vaporetto waterbus stop on murano island, ca’ mazzega murano grand canal view apartments offers elegant apartments with canal views and a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher.
juan oeste casa en la costa offers pet-friendly accommodation in los dolses, 32 km from murcia and 9 km from torrevieja.
guests can sing karaoke at the golden emperor international club.
it provides free bike rental and excellent bus links.
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv. certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
towels and bed linen are available at apartment pepo.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
noto is 8 km from colonia marina. marzameni is 20 km away.
some units have a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
featuring free wifi, zen rooms chaofa east road is located in chalong , 500 metres from chalong pier.
public parking at a nearby location is for free.
free private parking is available on site.
a tv is provided.
guests can relax in the garden, on the terrace or in the quaint barrel sauna.
local restaurants are within a 15-minute drive away, serving regional cuisines and wines.
free wi-fi is provided in the rooms.
a sweet italian breakfast is available.
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
lecco is 28 km from casa fiore, while lugano is 40 km from the property.
this hotel is 10 miles from heathrow international airport.
valgrande pajares ski resort is 30 km from hostel albergue de columbiello.
krabi international airport is 27 km from simply resort aonang.
marina centro is 1.6 km from hotel villa cristina, while fiabilandia is 2.6 km away.
easily accessible to highway 22 and interstate 78, this phillipsburg hotel features free wi-fi. downtown easton and lafayette college is 5 miles away.
larger rooms are equipped with a seating area and a safety deposit box.
surrounded by the tuscan countryside, hotel le rotonde offers a large garden with a pool overlooking the natural surroundings.
the studios at atenea park feature tiled floors and smart, minimalist décor.
alghero cathedral in thecity’s historical centre is a 15-minute walk away.
the seefeld ski area is 6 km away and shuttle services can be requested.
the classic-style rooms feature warm-toned décor.
the bathrooms have a bath or shower and toilet.
boat trips, island visits, snorkelling and diving can all be arranged locally.
the sandy ilica beach is 3 km away. cesme is 12 km and izmir airport is 80 km away.
there is also a wi-fi hotspot and coin-operated computers.
estelar apartamentos medellin is located only 5 km from medellin’s city centre, where guests can visit the catedral metropolitana, plaza mayor, and the basílica de la candelaria.
auberge de carcarille is 27 km from the a7 motorway and free on-site parking is available for guests arriving by car.
stromberg-heuchelberg nature park begins just 1 km from the wengerterstube & gästezimmer kern.
it also has a washing machine and ironing facilities.
offering a garden, mobile homes kristina is located in bibinje. zadar is 6 km from the property.
hotel ambassador is located just 6 km from the famous regional park and the sacred bada ganpati temple, 32 km from the dewas tekri and 55 km from the popular mahakaleshwar jyotirlinga, ujjain.
the self-catering studio is serviced by a lift and includes a fully equipped kitchen and a seating area with a flat-screen tv.
sports facilities include an indoor and outdoor tennis centre, a squash court, a beach volleyball court, and a football pitch.
for your convenience there is a currency exchange, atm and valet parking.
in summer there is a free hiking bus.
the stylish rooms at barton house include a cosy fireplace, a tv, a view of the surrounding countryside, tea and coffee making facilities and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
at sunset beach apart you will find barbecue facilities.
it offers a pool, gardens and self-catering apartments with free wi-fi.
free wi-fi is accessible in all areas.
the property features whale watching and an outdoor pool.
hostal gosén is located in san cristóbal island, 5 minutes’ walk from punta carola surfing beach.
guests can relax on the hotel’s terrace, located on the first floor and overlooking the sea.
apartments tia is situated in medulin, 900 metres from vižula archaeological site.
villa ruana is a 30-minute drive from faro international airport.
guests can relax in the common living room or cook in the shared kitchen.
each room comes with a flat-screen satellite tv, an electric kettle and a safety deposit box.
muelle de las almas is 15 km away.
yerevan train station is 3 km from the apartment.
all of the bedrooms in hotel oasis have an en-suite bathroom.
this holiday home is 77 km from billund airport.
guests at the cal expo motel 6 can easily spend the day at raging waters water park.
a fridge and kettle are also offered.
a bit of heaven has free private parking and is 3 km from the centre of town.
the hotel has a barbecue and children's playground, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
other facilities you can find at this property are a 24-hour front desk, on-site restaurant and bar, and luggage storage.
guests can also enjoy drinks and snacks on the terrace.
room facilities include air conditioning, satellite tv, hairdryer, fridge and private balcony.
they are equipped with a satellite tv, a telephone, a hairdryer, tea & coffee making facilities and private bathrooms.
kazansky, leningradsky and yaroslavsky train stations are 3 metro stops away.
hiking tracks start nearby bástya apartman and madarász-tó with fishing and horse riding possibilities is 4.5 km away.
complete with a fridge and stove, the dining area offers kitchenware and a dining table.
located 1.9 km from church of the savior on spilled blood in saint petersburg, this apartment features a garden with a children's playground.
hotel boutique terraza coirones offers simply decorated, en suite rooms with bathtub, cable tv and safe.
you can also rent a bicycle to explore the island or request for a traditional massage.
the nearest restaurant and a grocery store can be found within 300 metres.
located 3 km from the historic centre of monreale, casa di valentina has a furnished garden.
situated in mezmay in the krasnodar krai region, 47 km from maykop, mini-hotel lesnaya polyana boasts a barbecue and views of the mountain.
northern french architecture and decor feature at dalat cadasa resort, a collection of cosy rooms and suites surrounded by the hills and mountains of dalat.
carpeted rooms feature heating and a wardrobe.
these functional apartments are set in the gracia district.
boryspil airport is 36 km from the apartments.
apartmenthaus city 4 provides modern studios with kitchen and free wifi, located 100 metres from the tram stop and the letzigrund stadium in zurich.
a bathroom with a bath comes standard.
centrally situated in the main business and shopping district of karol bagh, this budget hotel offers value accommodation and varied facilities, just a 10-minute ride from new delhi railway station.
amber palanga is 600 metres from the palanga airport.
free private parking is available at the hostel for guests that arrive by car.
the hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
berlin schönefeld station is one stop away and connects you to both the local train network in berlin as well as regional trains.
free parking is provided.
on request, the hotel an der stadtmauer offers a shuttle to and from mühlhausen train station.
zoom flume water park and irish american heritage museum are within a 22-minute drive of this bed and breakfast. mountain top arboretum is 19 miles away.
in de velden provides free private parking spots.
all rooms have a satellite tv, a coffee maker and bathrobes.
les stralitzias hotel is located in juan-les-pins, just 300 metres from the beach and a 5-minute walk from the town centre.
nestled in the heart of fisherman's village in bophut district, the lodge is a 5-minute drive to the iconic landmark of wat pra yai.
dubrovnik airport is located 4 km from the property.
skhidnitsa is 39 km from maxim hotel, while slavske is 70 km away.
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
located in bük, a 2-minute drive from bükfürdő health and adventure centre, csilla haus offers a garden with a terrace, and free on-site parking.
guests can also use the on-site barbecue facilities.
the private bathroom with bath tub includes toiletries.
a free shuttle service to/from pineto city centre and train station is provided.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, diving and snorkelling.
there is a bowling alley offered.
the accommodation is located 600 metres from panorama racławicka. wrocław główny railway station is located within 1,2 km.
the hotel also serves as an ideal base for exploring the stone-built villages of mani.
the nearest airport is da nang international airport, 5 km from the property.
ikla hostel is located close to the latvian border, on the e67 via baltica motorway and it offers accommodation with free private parking and wi-fi in public areas. a beach is just 3 km away.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
hostal las cortes is just 400 metres from puerta del sol, and 250 metres from sevilla metro station.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, electric kettle and coffee machine.
atlanta southeast red roof inn offers a daily continental breakfast and is motorcycle friendly.
all units are air conditioned and feature a seating area.
free wifi access is available.
air-conditioned rooms are double glazed for warmth and a peaceful night’s sleep. they feature baths and power showers, high-speed wi-fi, stereos and a morning newspaper.
set just a 10-minute walk from lake maggiore’s shores, b&b così come a casa boasts a free swimming pool located in the garden. it offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
the kitchen at the french style old town apartment is equipped with a microwave, a refrigerator and a stove.
this property is 1.3 km from alameda park and from the local market.
the nearest bus stop is 200 metres away for buses to pescara and chieti.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and cycling.
st. gabriel's church is a 10-minute walk away.
sassari is a one-hour drive away.
just off highway 59, this hotel is a 5-minute drive from rosenberg civic & convention center.
the nearest airport is moscow domodedovo airport, 29 km from apartment metro bratislavskaya.
the villa has 3 bedrooms one of which has en suite bathroom.
a children’s playground, a laundrette and tennis courts are just some of the other facilities at this property.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a cd player are featured.
villa padma pandawa features free wifi throughout the property.
each apartment includes a private balcony overlooking the pool, a dining area and a kitchenette. there is also a living room with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
the property includes a garden, barbecue facilities, and an outdoor hot tub.
bica charm apartment is on the third floor of a traditional building at the heart of lisbon’s picturesque bica neighbourhood.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
situated in carvoeiro, 4.4 km from algar seco - carvoeiro, quinta do rosal features an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and free wifi in the properties. carvoeiro beach is 5 km away.
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange laundry and ironing services.
manas international airport is 24 km from the property.
the hotel has good road links to junction 3 of the m5 motorway.
the property is 29,5 km from cabo frio airport and 171 km from galeão internation airport in rio de janeiro.
the french partridge restaurant offers an à-la-carte menu, including tapas and traditional dishes with a modern twist.
hotel bellevue offers 2 bars, a tv room, comfortable lounges, and outdoor and indoor car parking. guests have free bike rental, a free internet point and free wi-fi access in the bar.
rooms are equipped with a tv.
accommodation is provided in private rooms and dormitory rooms, all with access to shared bathroom facilities.
the central bus station is 2.7 km away and the train station is 900 metres away.
plaza catalina park is across the street from the property, and las palmas port, with ferry services to cadiz and fuerteventura, is 240 metres away.
parking at the hotel is free.
samitivej sukhumvit hospital is 7 km from the blessed home, while emporium shopping mall is 7 km from the property.
schiphol airport is 15 minutes' drive from ramada, and a shuttle is available on request.
many rooms have stunning views over the beach and the bay.
at the moulin d'asselborn-estate you will find a cosy 15-bedroom hotel and a 4 person apartment, a gastronomic restaurant called the ancient water mill aimed at local specialities; and a second restaurant called the mill inn proposing tasty snacks. the ancient water mill and grain milling machinery have been preserved in their original building, now the museum of moulin d'asselborn.
guests who drive can enjoy free on-site parking.
apartamenty malinka is situated in a quiet area of zakopane, 200 metres from pod reglami hiking trail and 700 metres from wielka krokiew ski jump.
you can sample the dishes on the furnished terrace which includes barbecue facilities or in the dining room with its numerous paintings.
explore the nearby beaches and woodland hiking trails, relax at the traditional baltic sea spa or take part in the sports on offer, such as tennis, golf and sailing.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, guest house kit offers accommodation in lazarevskoye, 800 metres from aqua park nautilus.
the property is 500 metres from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre and free private parking is offered.
its accommodations have a view of the garden and the lake.
featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
apartments no.5 sarajevo comprise a garden and a patio.
all rooms at the westin doha feature the signature heavenly bed, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, seating area, work desk and a minibar.
kizilay metro station is 5-minute walk away.
it also has a cable tv and bed linens.
the historic town of eger is 7 km from the premises.
a full kitchen and a separate seating area with a sofa and a cable tv are provided in this davenport 49958 by executive villas florida holiday home.
after the redecoration in 2002, all rooms have been fully equipped with all modern comforts to help make your holiday relaxing and memorable.
regional cultural centre is 1.9 km from apartment on dostoyevskogo 74, while zvyozdny sports complex is 2.4 km from the property.
the inturjoven víznar youth hostel offers bright, functional dorms and private rooms.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
featuring a garden with bbq facilities and free wi-fi throughout, b&b il soccorso offers rooms in mercatello sul metauro.
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport, 16 km from guest house don.
it offers affordable accommodation with a restaurant, a fitness room and free parking onsite.
guests can enjoy an on-site outdoor pool and hot tub throughout their stay at this gatlinburg place condo 103.
located in a quite area within a short walk from lively istiklal street, azure has well equipped units with a contemporary décor.
east midlands airport is 38 km from the property.
delfoi is 49 km from kavos villa, while lamía is 36 km away.
casa mediterranea is a 20-minute drive from alghero fertilia airport.
you may be able to spot seals, dolphins and marine bird-life.
meitetsu inn hamamatsucho is located a 4-minute walk from jr hamamatsucho station and a 2-minute walk from daimon subway station.
guests can enjoy al fresco dining or indoors in the à la carte restaurant.
the apartment comes with a seating area with a flat-screen tv and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
beijing easyhome chaoyang is a 10-minute walk from dawan subway station and a 15-minute drive from beijing railway station.
it has sauna and steam facilities.
guests can enjoy excellent shopping within just 100 metres of the hotel, and david’s central park is only a 3-minute walk away.
nowadays guests can stay in comfortable, individually furnished rooms, and enjoy free wireless internet access throughout the hackteufel.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. bathrooms are private.
all bungalows include bed linens.
entertainment and children's programs are provided.
they also include a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
parc jacques-cartier is less than 10 minutes' drive away.
hotel davinci can be found in the niederdorf quarter next to the limmat river and next to a famous night club in the centre of zurich, a 5-minute walk from the main train station.
a fridge is included in all rooms at the dryoussa.
am samui palace is located in lamai, just 2 minutes’ walk from the white sandy beach.
mariehamn airport is located 21 km away.
private bathroom includes both bath and shower with hot spring water.
guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a dining area.
a varied breakfast is served in the breakfast room, or can be brought to your room each morning.
in the heart of murray hill, the hotel offers a variety of rooms catering to international, budget-minded travelers.
a western breakfast is provided as well.
palace d’anfa is located on boulevard d'anfa, just a 5-minute drive from hassan ii mosque.
apartment lise is 1 km from onofrio's fountains.
metorbus stop is a 10-minute walk from the property and offers easy access to other sites in the city.
the sea life aquarium is across the street from floreal, blankenberge casino is 1.6 km away.
modernly decorated and very spacious, the air-conditioned blue wave villas consists of an open-plan living room, 3 bedrooms, dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. a satellite tv, a dvd player and 3 bathrooms with a hairdryer and toiletries are also provided.
this modern hotel near costa rica’s capital of san jose features a casino, free wi-fi and a 24-hour fitness centre. guests enjoy several on-site restaurants and bars and an outdoor swimming pool.
rio de janeiro galeão international airport and santos dumont domestic airport can be reached within a 45-minute drive.
amsterdam’s museum district is a 10-minute walk.
the moorerlebnisroute marshland cycling route runs right past the apartments.
services like laundry and valet parking are provided.
situated within a 15-minute walk from the historic centre of cesky krumlov, penzion laura offers a hot tub, barbecue facilities, a lounge area, and elegant accommodation with a minibar, safe and satellite tv.
with a mountain-style décor, each en suite room at châlet hôtel d'ailefroide has a mountain and garden view.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
velingrad guest house is situated 4 km from kleptuza spring and 200 metres from velingrad centre, and offers a garden with a seating area, free on-site parking and a terrace.
a breakfast is served every morning in the dining room.
at ly phuc homestay, guests can approach the friendly staff to arrange cycling activities and sightseeing trips.
lisbon international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
the kitchen includes an oven, a stove and a dishwasher.
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
wake up to the alameda's delicious breakfast buffet before exploring the city's countless attractions and entertainment venues.
krynica train station is 3 km away and the nearest ski lift, słotwiny, is about 2 km from apartamenty sun&snow stara droga.
nowy świat, a famous street with numerous bars and shops, is only 500 metres away.
refreshing beverages and live entertainment can be enjoyed at veranda bar.
the blue house features free wifi throughout the property.
the closest beach is a 2-minute walk from the kucica.
the property offers free parking.
the resort also provides laundry and dry cleaning services, currency exchange and tour arrangements.
free wi-fi is provided.
it is fitted with 2 lcd satellite tvs and a safe.
the hostel is 300 metres from sanduo shopping district station, 1 km from central park station and 1.2 km from shihjia station.
guests can enjoy lovely garden and river views from their rooms.
can cremat is 15 minutes' drive from port de pollensa city centre and various shops and restaurants.
the apartment have a living/dinning room with tv, dvd player and terrace.
dining options include the restaurant, the bar, and the garden terrace.
agriturismo al marter offers pet-friendly accommodation in tiarno di sopra.
it offers accommodation with balcony and free wi-fi, plus a garden pool.
guests can approach the tour desk to make arrangements for canyoning tour, daily city tour and cycling tours.
bed and breakfast da priscilla is 20 minutes’ drive from sassari.
a bus, with direct connections to the seaside, stops 300 metres from the della pace.
copthorne hotel palmerston north is a 5-minute drive from massey university and a 15-minute drive from the picturesque countryside of manawatu.
located in pescara,500 metres from the beach, b&b amelia features free wifi in public areas.
located in natural surroundings of zelenogorsk, within 2 km to krasavitsa lake and the finskiy bay, baza otdykha azimut features a tennis court and a fitness centre with massage and sauna.
set in olginka, 48 km from lazarevskoye, guest house barabulka features air-conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property.
dating back to the 17th century, gwynfryn farm b&b is located in llanbedr, within snowdonia national park.
batumi archeological museum is 1.2 km from sea view - batumi magnolia, while aquapark batumi is 1.4 km from the property.
miskolc is 63 km from arany napraforgó vendégház, while spišská nová ves is 50 km from the property.
zoo hotel is 1.2 km from croatian national theatre in osijek, 2.2 km from train station and 2.3 km from the tvrđa citadel.
the 24-hour front desk can arrange laundry services and public parking is possible at a location nearby for an extra fee.
free wi-fi is available throughout the property.
ilica beach is 7 km from the property.
they also include free toiletries and facilities to make tea and coffee.
the rooms at windsor palace hotel are spacious and stylishly decorated. each comes with a tv with satellite channels and a bathroom equipped with a hairdryer.
offering an external shower, it also has private parking.
the liiva train station is 280 metres away.
ideally located just a 5-minute walk to jiigatake ski resort, lodge skade offers cosy accommodation operated by a ski school.
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport, 18 km from apartment on ozerova.
the emerald bay golf club is less than 15 miles away.
free private parking is possible on site.
marina boutique hotel fethiye serves a daily breakfast buffet.
fitted with a fireplace, this air-conditioned and split-level, 3-bedroom villa of princess opens to a furnished balcony and a terrace.
the guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
most of the units have a view to the ionian sea and are equipped with kitchens and refrigerators.
the first floor features a living room with flat-screen tv, a full kitchen and a toilet.
this stylish hotel offers an outdoor pool, an art gallery and free wi-fi.
free wifi is available.
there is a games room on site and guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
guests can purchase home-made marmalade, hand-stirred natural soap, wine and grape juice on site.
the ancient plovdiv, the historical, well-preserved part of the city, is also nearby.
saarbrücken central train station is 12 km away while saarbrücken airport can be reached in 13 minutes’ drive.
rooms at the king arthur hotel come with a tv, a writing desk and tea and coffee making facilities.
coffee-making facilities and a small fridge are provided in each guest room at this hotel suites boast a separate seating area.
some are complete with a balcony, offering views of the garden, the mountains, or the sea.
the hotel is 2.4 km from honda center. john wayne airport is 17 km away.
the sea vies can be enjoyed from most of the rooms.
spacious and comfortable, the apartments are air conditioned and feature a lounge with cable tv. each one has a kitchen with microwave and kettle, plus a bathroom with hairdryer.
featuring a garden, a children's playground and an outdoor pool, cabañas peumayen offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi in colón. breakfast is served daily in the bungalows.
gimpo airport is a 17.5 km away, while incheon international airport is 53 km away.
free on-site car parking is available.
it features authentic wooden bungalows with views of the surrounding jungle.
taverns and restaurants are within a 5-minute walk.
there is a sports complex nearby and the hotel is only minutes from downtown historic homes.
the georgian resort-lake george offers elegantly decorated rooms with views of the courtyard, pool or lake.
positano is 13 km from the hotel.
breakfast, half-board and full-board can be booked on site.
various local restaurants are within a 5-minute walk.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, cable channels, a dvd player and a cd player.
bathrobe and slippers are also provided.
all properties include a large living area with a sofa set and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, while the well-equipped kitchen comes with an oven, hob, microwave, dishwasher, and an electric kettle.
a buffet with cold cuts, cheese and eggs on request as well as jams and handmade butter is served for breakfast in the restaurant.
free wifi is provided .
each apartment is fitted with a balcony, flat-screen cable tv and safety deposit box.
each room at the venus hotel features a tv, a refrigerator and mountain views.
there is also a restaurant at the riad nadir that offers 2 daily menus.
the property is 300 metres from the seville cathedral. triana bridge - isabel ii bridge is 800 metres from overland suites catedral, while plaza de armas is 1.1 km from the property.
other facilities include a terrace, garden furniture and barbeque. a swing is available for children outside.
hue hostel is located just 100 metres from huong river and 800 metres from dong ba market in hue.
o'hare airport is located 26 km away.
bariloche pension provides seasonal discount coupons for all staying guests, including ocean world water park coupons in summer and ski lift coupons in winter.
the 5 km long shopping area on kralja aleksandra boulevard starts 150 metres from the oasis.
villipeura restaurant & bar offers finnish and international cuisine and an extensive wine list.
at holiday home ildervej hemmet denmark you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
the rooms feature a private bathroom and are linen is provided.
featuring free wi-fi, motel touchdown & restaurant offers accommodation in lohmar, 19 km from cologne. free private parking is available on site as well as a children's playground.
they also come with a tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
laundry services are also provided.
each room in this adult-only hotel will provide you with a tv, a balcony and pay-per-view channels.
the rustic-style rooms have a balcony overlooking the mountains, a seating area, satellite tv, and a bathroom.
set 2.8 km from deer valley and 6 km from the canyons resort, 1115 lowell avenue offers accommodation in park city. the unit is 9 km from utah olympic park.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site and in the surroundings, including golfing, cycling and hiking.
hotel beihito is a 2-minute walk from zhonghua food town and a 3-minute drive from changlong wildlife zoo.
daily room cleaning is provided at the pana.
no meals are served at the property, but guests can prepare their own meals using the kitchen.
tamegroute is a 58-minute drive away and free private parking is available on site.
private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
the hotel also has a large swimming pool and sun loungers surrounding it. there is also a bar area, where guests can enjoy a refreshing cocktail.
for children there is a play area which includes a ball pool and slides.
other facilities offered include luggage storage and a vending machine.
the property offers free parking.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a laptop are available. you will find a coffee machine in the room.
the gym’s fitness instructors can advise and help guests reach their goals.
the holiday park features free wifi throughout the property.
go for a stroll through the surrounding woods and natural park, or simply treat yourself to a drink or meal in the neighbouring restaurant.
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower, free toiletries, and a hairdryer.
there is a dining area and a kitchen.
taksim metro, which allows easy access to other central and historic sites of the city, is also within a walking distance.
naarismaa holiday home is a holiday home located in tahkuranna, 16 km from pärnu.
bed linen is available.
located only 100 metres from paraíso metro station, in são paulo, consulado plaza hotel offers free wifi access.
all units feature a seating area.
the rustic restaurant offers swabian specialities and international dishes with high-quality seasonal and game ingredients when they are available.
at centro turistico laguna del mar - la serena guests will find crystal clear lagoon, a shared lounge and laundry facilities.
the beachfront promenade is 15 minutes’ drive from sea of northern dreams, and puerto peñasco international airport can be reached in a 20-minute drive.
it offers free wi-fi and a marble patio terrace with panoramic views of the giralda.
the tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area.
town of ustroń is located 10 km away.
there is a restaurant serving a wide variety of local and international dishes, and guests can also enjoy drinks at the bar.
the pinares de rodeno nature reserve is set 3 km from the apartments.
the jodhpur café specialises in traditional rajasthani delicacies and also serves international cuisine.
the sicilian coast is a 10-minute drive away.
on the south coast of anglesey, bryn aethwy is close to the welsh mainland, with the town of bangor an 8-minute drive across the strait.
a ski storage and a game room are also available in the granstein gasthof and its restaurant serves à la carte regional dishes.
hotel best sleep is a partner of the alpine freizeitgestaltung, a tour operator offering activities such as igloo building, ice fishing, snow shoe hiking, cycling and hiking tours and much more.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is offered throughout the property.
at agriturismo molinaro you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and barbecue facilities. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
a continental breakfast is served every morning and can be taken in the guest room.
free wifi access is available.
breakfast is buffet style and includes homemade cakes, cereal, fruit juices and yoghurts.
the hotel’s restaurant serves regional rügen cuisine as well as homemade cakes from its bakery.
situated in liverpool city centre, liverpool one premier inn is within half a mile radius from liverpool one shopping centre, lime street train station and the odeon cinema.
modern and comfortable, chalet kutelo is located 0.5 km from the cable car and a 5-minute walk from the centre of bansko.
nestled within lush tropical gardens, thanh kim nga resort offers basic and tranquil accommodation with free wi-fi access in the entire property. complimentary parking space is provided for guests who drive.
bicycle rental is also available.
a public parking is available nearby.
a supermarket, restaurants, and cafés are all within 200 metres of the premises.
naples international airport is 1 hour and 10 minutes' away by car.
vilnius airport is located 5,5 km from the property.
breda is 31 km from bungalowpark vogelenzang.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv including freeview channels.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling, diving and cycling.
facilities include ipod docking station, flat-screen tv and bathtub.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven, microwave and toaster.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the guest house.
located in a natural setting, just 1 km from guigneville-sur-essonne, la raimbaudière offers b&b accommodation.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
it offers massage services, 3 restaurants and a tour desk.
vibo valentia is a 45-minute drive from the property.
set in the centre of salerno, appartamento dei mercanti is just 150 metres from salerno cathedral.
the jungle club is located on the hill and in the jungle with a very nice view of chaweng beach.
the hyderabad railway station is 1 km away while rajiv gandhi international airport is 23 km.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
free parking is provided.
at hotell saaremaa kämping you will find barbecue facilities.
this modern, heated apartment comes with 1 double room and 1 bathroom.
private parking is available on site.
a microwave and a small fridge are standard in every room at the regency inn & suites dallas/euless dfw airport.
young guests will find a playground, and a games room with books and comics.
horseshoes, barbecues, and a fire pit are also included.
the nearest airport is london gatwick airport, 20 km from the old barn at bolebroke.
packed lunches can be requested.
east midlands airport is 38 km from the property.
to relax after a busy schedule, massage treatments are available at an additional cost.
each comes with a table and either private or shared bathroom facilities.
free public parking is available near the hostel.
located on the southern coast of sicily, overlooking a beautiful bay and the mediterranean sea, this hotel is set within a lush green park.
with a city view, rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
boasting spectacular full views of the mediterranean sea, i giardini is located 200 metres from the rocky beach in pantelleria.
there is a large supermarket just a 5-minute walk away, whilst the bars and restaurants of filey are within 0.5 miles of the property.
with free wi-fi, the zelzar apartments have colourful décor and fine parquet or terracotta floors.
apartamenty zielone tarasy – sunseasons24 are located 450 metres from the kołobrzeg amphitheatre.
18 plus serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
hostal pucllana is 20 km from jorge chavez international airport.
offering an outdoor pool and views of the pool, the hideaway canggu is situated in canggu. the bed and breakfast has a year-round outdoor pool and views of the garden, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar. free private parking is available on site.
free parking is available at the property.
a number of restaurants, shops, bars and cafes are located within a range of 3 km from appartment gsolerhof. lake völser weiher is 11 km away.
free private parking is possible on site.
a free pick-up service is available from neumarkt in steiermark’s train station.
latham inn rooms include a refrigerator and microwave.
the accommodation comes with a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv.
there is also a shop onsite.
guests are invited to prepare home-cooked meals and snacks in the kitchen or kitchenette, and bbq facilities are provided on site.
the lobby lounge offers a variety of drinks.
set in a tranquil location 3 minutes’ drive from acciaroli, villa oasi offers modern apartments and suites.
the property offers free parking at location nearby and prague airport is located 20 km away.
surrounded by the beautiful blue ridge mountains and just a short drive from appalachian state university, this blowing rock, north carolina hotel provides a free hot breakfast daily.
some have a balcony.
rhodes international airport is at a distance of 15 km. lindos town, with its popular beach and castle, is 48 km away.
north apartment is an apartment located in amsterdam, 2 km from beurs van berlage.
this eco-friendly hotel features rooms with a private balcony and air conditioning.
free wifi is available throughout.
a bus stop with links to/from torino is 400 metres away from antiche mura.
it can be reached in 14 minutes via underground train.
there is a shared kitchen that can be used by guests and barbeque facilities are also provided.
it offers elegant rooms, excellent cuisine and leisure facilities.
the tenjin area and kushida shrine are a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
it offers free parking and a restaurant serving italian cuisine.
set in the heart of rome, la gioconda features contemporary-style accommodation with free wi-fi access. guests have access to the communal terrace fitted with tables, chairs and parasols.
furnished with modern décor, the rooms come with air-conditioning, a seating area and a cable tv. a refrigerator and an en suite bathroom are included.
refreshing drinks and beverages are served on the beach.
lissone's hotel motel ascot offers stylish rooms with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
a number of dining options is a short walk away.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
air-conditioned rooms at 3-star hotel dei priori come with a satellite tv, minibar and private bathroom.
located in the heart of rome, go2 apartments spagna offers a range of apartments within walking distance of the spanish steps and trevi fountain.
all guests are welcomed with fresh fruit.
offering a barbecue and sauna, guest house marshal is located in murmansk in the murmansk region region. guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
the nearest airport is tenerife sur airport, 15 km from the property.
the hotel is located 12 km from eunápolis bus station. porto seguro and its airport are both 60 km from the property.
it features a continental breakfast and free wi-fi.
rooms have a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find bathrobes and a hairdryer.
the property is at walking distance from metro arts-loi and madou.
guests can approach the staff for walking tours, ticketing and laundry services that are available at an additional charge. friendly staff are fluent in english, chinese and malay.
oscar mini hotel is located in simferopol, 2 km from gagarina park.
hibbert's home also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
bicycle rental is also available in many places near the hotel.
the property is located 2 km from kaplava village and 5 km from the latvian – belarusian border.
featuring a seasonal outdoor pool, each room provides free wi-fi.
alternatively, plenty of dining options are available within walking distance from apartment international yuan jia. they include cantonese fine dining, sichuan food and local street delights.
guests benefit from balcony and a terrace. free wifi is offered throughout the property.
como is 24 km from lake view apartment cadenabbia, while locarno is 40 km from the property.
rooms are all fitted with a private bathroom, a tv and a mountain and city view.
it takes a 15-minute drive from silver sea hotels to da nang international airport.
guests have free access to world gym just 1.8 miles away.
two bedrooms have a double bed and there is a mezzanine with two single beds.
free parking is available on site.
a ski shuttle service is free.
rooms at astala are elegant and modern, with an en suite bathroom as well as a large tv and tea and coffee making facilities.
paphos city is 11 km away.
vaclav havel prague airport is located 11 km from the property.
there are many shops and markets within walking distance.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
the poolside bar offers cold drinks and light snacks.
the modern rooms at hotel nyx come with flat-screen cable tvs and a free minibar.
gasthaus pillhofer has a rustic restaurant with stained glass windows and exposed wooden beams.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
surrounded by rice fields, abian ayu villa offers a tranquil getaway with stunning views of mount agung.
the sacré coeur basilica is 220 metres away and anvers metro station is a 5-minute walk away, it offers direct access to the arc de triomphe.
the property is 5 km from vason and 15 km from trento.
the central park, coffee shops, restaurants and shops can be reached in a 2-minute walk. the medieval stronghold of tsarevets hill and castle is 1.5 km away.
san felipe country club and whitehead memorial museum are less than 10 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
at casa del escritor you will find a hot tub, a terrace and a shared kitchen. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
free private parking is possible on site.
basement parking is also available for all grand midwest guests.
the wimbledon tennis championships are only a 15-minute walk away.
located in birsfelden, hotel blume is just 2.5 km from the centre of basel and basel main train station.
free private parking is available on site.
located in yevpatoriya, a 3-minute walk from dendropark, mariya villa offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
set on tirano's main road, hotel corona is just 100 metres from the departure point of the famous bernina express red train.
free wifi and free private parking is available on site.
the rooms at the property all feature a private bathroom with free toiletries and a terrace with garden views.
it is open all year and offers free wi-fi access and a fully equipped kitchen.
free wifi access is available.
airport shuttle is available upon request.
situated in wismar, denkmal 13 is just a 3-minute walk from the baltic sea coast.
you can play tennis nearby, and the area is popular for hiking.
the property offers free parking.
armando hotel boasts a privileged location in a quiet area of the historic town.
the high position of the location secures good snow conditions all year round.
the garopaba bus station is a 60 km distance.
other facilities include a ski storage room and a playground for children.
their private bathrooms have showers.
this villa offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and a well-equipped sun terrace.
each spacious bedroom at randolph mackenzie has an en suite bathroom with bathrobes, slippers, and a hairdryer.
shuttle service can be requested to and from the train and bus station for surcharge.
they are simply styled with white linens, tiled floors and a private bathroom.
you can play tennis and table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
a continental breakfast is available every morning.
you can enjoy mountain view and garden view from the room.
air conditioning, a minibar and tea and coffee making facilities feature in all the rooms at hotel des nations.
guests can choose between the beach and the outdoor pool. the pool has sun loungers and offers views of the beach.
upon request, guests can relax at the property's wellness area, which includes a sauna, an infra-red sauna, an outdoor terrace with a hot tub, and a rainshower.
they prepare high-quality italian cuisine and lombardy specialities at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
situated in krasnodar, this air-conditioned apartment is 2.3 km from krasnodar expo.
the shared tv lounge and bar offer access to the terrace.
the nearest airport is tiruchirapalli airport, 11 km from srirangam homestay.
the anne frank house is a 5-minute walk.
both chinese delicacies and western-style dishes are available for your choice.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wifi access is available throughout.
the meira hotel is located only 200 metres from praia das crianças and 13 km from viana do castelo. porto city centre can be found at the distance of 80 km.
the state circus and horki park are within 10 minutes’ walk away.
millau and its train station are 40 km away.
free private parking is available.
a shuttle service is available to hannover trade fair and hannover airport.
top gun raceway is 20 minutes' drive from the motel.
private bathroom comes with free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer.
free private parking is also available on site.
palma de mallorca airport is 43 km away.
all rooms at toyoko inn hiroshima-eki minamiguchi-migi are compact, air-conditioned, and include a fridge and an electric kettle. guests can enjoy video-on-demand movies on the flat-screen tv.
the property is located 4.5 km from santa lucia train station, and just few minutes’ walk from alilaguna transportation lines.
the bashundhara shopping mall is 500 metres and the bangladesh national parliament building is 1 km.
opening to a balcony and terrace with pool views, the air-conditioned, four-bedroom adriana junior vila includes a spacious, fully equipped kitchen and dining area.
recreation choices include enjoying a relaxing massage.
it also includes an outdoor pool.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a seating area.
the traditional gaststube restaurant offers a range of local specialities and a variety of beers from the in-house brewery.
bicycles can be rented at the reception.
à la carte dishes, wine and beers from the local midtfyns brewery are served every evening at the in-house restaurant.
at the west hollywood pool house you will find a garden and a terrace.
this property features both free wifi and free private parking. a flat-screen tv is provided.
the demänovská ice cave is 5.5 km from guest house maxim. the bešeňová thermal baths are 15 km away.
petrovsky stadium is 1.6 km from the property.
a free continental breakfast is served from june through september.
at 7days inn zhu hai gong bei tunnel portal you will find a 24-hour front desk. other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
every room is equipped with a tv.
the property is accessible by ferry from anacortes, washington to the orcas island ferry terminal which is 20 minutes’ drive to the resort once on the island.
the residence abbaye du cap also offers private parking and a patio with children’s playground equipment.
europe square is 2.5 km from марина, while holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 2.5 km away.
gola del furlo natural reserve is 16.5 km from ii nido del viaggiatore. cagli is a 25-minute drive away.
simply furnished, air-conditioned rooms come with a wardrobe, clothes rack and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
each of the en-suite rooms has a private bathroom with a shower as well as satellite tv.
rooms at this quiet motel have free wi-fi and cable tv.
this luxurious, 5-star hotel offers elegant rooms which include nasa memory foam mattresses and lcd tvs. the parque de la 93 is 10 minutes away by car.
alternatively, they can use barbecue facilities for ana outdoor lunch.
guests can enjoy relaxing massage at the spa and wellness centre.
los angeles international airport is 36 km away.
the apartment offers a bedroom and a living room. the kitchen comes with an oven.
huascar historical boat is a 20-minute car ride away.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
maryo&ema’s rooms are furnished in a simple and traditional style.
it houses a restaurant and offers free wifi access in its public areas.
there is also a private sauna and a spa bath in some rooms.
the alpine-style apartments feature a living room with a flat-screen satellite tv, a kitchen with a dining area, and a bathroom.
local dining outlets can be found within walking distance from the property.
le magenta is located in central rennes next to the train station and gares metro station.
this hotel offers a convenience store and provides free wi-fi in every room.
avignon-provence airport is 40 km from the property.
a full dinner menu is offered to guests and non-residents in the warpool court restaurant.
amenities include an lcd tv and yukata robes, while the attached bathroom offers toiletries.
within driving distance of raleigh city centre and close to local attractions including wakefield plantation, this north carolina hotel features a free daily hot breakfast and spacious guestrooms.
paphos city is 10 km away.
you can play tennis and table tennis at the property, and bike hire and car hire are available.
metro voltaire is less than 100 metres away, which can take guests to all the sought-after sights of paris.
the property is 24 km from igoumenitsa town.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the apartments feature a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
the bruges train station is 3 km from this property.
each monika room features a balcony with mountain views and a bathroom with bath or shower.
penzion doubek is located in the centre of strážné in the krkonoše national park, just 100 metres from the ski slopes.
milano centrale train station, set 550 metres away, has direct connections with the expo 2015 exhibition centre.
stavropol airport is 11 km from the property.
the apartment at the alpenquelle also comes with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a sauna, a spa bathtub and a shower.
the cottage enjoys a peaceful setting looking onto the beautiful somerset countryside.
gasthof weyerhof also has a courtyard and a garden.
kitchenware is featured. a flat-screen tv and a blu-ray player, a cd player and a dvd player are offered.
each one has heating, a tv and a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer.
skien is 38 km from valbergtunet hostel, while moss is 29 km from the property.
simply decorated, rooms here are all fitted with wooden flooring.
it features bright rooms, and the reception works 24 hours a day.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
placa catalunya, the main square, is a 15-minute walk away.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the property offers free parking.
there is also an elevator available.
each air conditioned room at super 8 bishop offers an en suite bathroom.
at nile towers apartments you will find a 24-hour front desk and barbecue facilities. other facilities like tour desk and luggage storage are offered.
the local bus station is 3 km while the kathmandu international airport is 200 km away.
you can easily get to the city centre form bottero bus stop located next to the hotel, and to nice côte d'azur airport from a bus stop located a 10-minute walk away.
guests can relax in the lovely garden and ask for helpful information for getting around the area.
this guest house is located on the foot of the kara dag mountain in koktebel, a 5-minute walk from the black sea coast.
guests will find a double bedroom and a living area with double sofa bed, refrigerator and coffee machine.
set in rome, this apartment features free wifi.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
airport shuttle service is provided at a surcharge.
all rooms at rødby lystskov have wooden floors and a refrigerator, while bathroom facilities are shared.
you can relax in the shared lounge.
the hotel has a 24-hour front desk offering photocopy and fax.
each air-conditioned room comes with a tv.
at dobre miejsce you will find a 24-hour front desk, a children's playground and a garden with barbecue facilities.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
offering a restaurant, merzouga excursion is located in hassi labied, 4 km from merzouga.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen and the private bathroom features a shower and a hairdryer.
you can play table tennis at the hotel.
the property can also be rented as a whole apartment.
free wifi is available in public areas.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
located in banjarmasin, hotel sampaga offers complimentary parking, and is a 10-minute drive from banjarmasin's city centre.
free private parking is available on site.
featuring an indoor and an outdoor pool, authentic apartments in "kraljevi cardaci" offer self-catering accommodation within the kraljevi čardaci spa complex in kopaonik. free wifi access is available in all areas.
benidorm is 39 km from the house, while gandía is 17 km away. denia city centre is 12 km from the property.
varna city is 54 km from gliko seaside apartments. the nearest airport is varna airport, 60 km from gliko seaside apartments. golden sands is reachable within 70 km and burgas within 77 km.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
irkutsk international airport is 3 km from the property.
rooms, studios and apartments at meri will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a furnished balcony. some units are also self-catered with cooking equipment.
towels and bed linen are offered at caparó.
guests can enjoy free yoga classes with the internationally renowned yogi, wayne krassner.
all accommodations are individually decorated with modern furnishings. each suite contains a private balcony and a living room with a satellite flat-screen tv. the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
you can enjoy a garden view from the room.
accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and sports facilities.
salt lake city international airport is 25 minutes’ drive from the holiday home.
the marble staircase with the handmade railing, leads to the upper floor where 4 romantic-style bedrooms with private bathrooms are located.
the club is ideal for events, parties, gatherings and even beach weddings.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
it has a living room with a computer, tv and dvd player.
a balcony is available in each unit.
mariano ́s cabins is 20 km from the city centre and 40 km from the airport.
property can sleep 10 with this room.
dorms and rooms include bed linen and have access to a shared bathroom. you can make use of a shared lounge.
each room also has a coffee maching, cable tv and free wi-fi.
entzheim airport is 38 km away.
featuring a restaurant, it offers rooms with flat-screen tvs and free internet.
appartmento sofia includes a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, 2 bathrooms and 4 bedrooms, each with a flat-screen tv. a washing machine, bed linen and towels are provided.
cross country skiing trails start right next to the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
free wifi is available.
explanada de españa boulevard is 1.6 km from sunny flat benalua, while procathedral of san nicolás de bari is 1.7 km from the property.
the property is 200 metres from playa de la concha and 900 metres from victoria eugenia theatre.
these apartments are located in a building with a lift and offer free wifi and a washer/dryer.
free luggage transportation from balestrand's ferry terminal is also possible.
the centre of fira is just a few minutes walking distance away, with shops, restaurants, tourist offices and museums, as well as the central bus station for sightseeing.
falcone-borsellino airport is located 77 km from the property.
private parking is available on site.
it offers free wi-fi, an outdoor pool and a luxury mountain spa.
this hotel located in liberia’s city centre features free wi-fi throughout and an outdoor lounge area with lush gardens.
the guest rooms at oceana palms are styled with contemporary furniture.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
the disney pixar's cars themed-rooms feature a flat-screen tv with disney and international channels.
all linens and towels are provided and the nearest food shop is just 100 metres away.
the guesthouse is situated in the heart of san antonio, within walking distance of the beach and the famous west end area with its lively atmosphere, restaurants and bars.
camden lock market is 1.2 miles away.
offering views of the grand canal, hotel santa chiara is next to the ferry terminal and airport coach stop in piazzale roma, and 200 metres from venezia santa lucia train station. the papadopoli gardens are next door.
guests can enjoy either a cooked or a continental breakfast at the high peaks.
free wi-fi is provided.
ski storage and a ski waxing area is available at the motel.
ski storage facilities are available on site.
the ski bus stop is located 50 metres from the property and the hahnenkamm sku lift is a 5-minute drive away.
just 600 metres from kenkun shrine, guesthouse nagomi offers simple japanese-style accommodation in north kyoto.
a short walk across the river will take you into rome's historic centre.
the centre of serfaus is a car-free zone, but alpin-apart bacher is always reachable by car.
apartments bella vista split is 1.5 km from the port.
popular activities in the area include hiking, bowling (the guesthouse has 2 bowling allees) and mini golf.
free high-speed wifi is available throughout the property.
this small hotel features an outdoor swimming pool, views of the sea and mountains, and free wi-fi access.
all rooms come with air conditioning. each room is equipped with an individual bathroom that provides free toiletries.
the eden hotel is 300 metres from a cycle/hiking route which follows the river panaro from san donnino di modena to casona di marano.
some rooms come with a private balcony.
with free wi-fi, the air-conditioned rooms include a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a balcony.
scenically located beside the agger river in lohmar, aggerschlösschen offers a beer garden, beach bar, and free wifi access.
rooms at the gut bardenhagen are decorated in a contemporary colour scheme and feature large windows and stylish interiors throughout.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
savoury options are available on request.
each villa is fitted with a private plunge pool and bbq facilities.
illuketia is a 10-minute drive from galle and 5 km from unawatuna city centre.
the apartment features parquet floors and a minimalist décor. it is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room, a bathroom, and a fully equipped kitchen.
dalian zhoushuizi international airport is 6 km away.
the property offers free parking and luggage storage.
the property offers free parking.
relaxing massage treatments are also available.
excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
the nearest airport is asheville regional airport, 80 km from the property.
the křizíkova metro station is 450 metres away.
additionally, the apartments also come with a well-equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
the nearest airport is heraklion international airport, 50 km from sarakina's home.
these bright, one-bedroom apartments are located just 150 metres from levant beach in the centre of salou.
hosteria plaza is a picturesque country house with stone architecture in downtown la cumbre, only 100 metres from the main square.
grand hotel varna all inclusive is part of the award-winning grand hotel varna resort & spa complex and is only a 10-minute drive from the city of varna.
at sidney by aboda you will find a clubhouse and bbq facilities. the property offers free covered parking.
snow world and the multifunctional ice centre pwa silverdome are some of the recreational facilities near the hotel.
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the property offers free private parking.
private bathrooms also come with towels.
free private parking is available on site and the hotel belem is easily accessible by the n137.
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport, 19 km from the property.
the outdoor bathroom comes with double sinks and a rainshower.
studios and apartments at elamaris are air conditioned and come with a satellite tv and a well-equipped kitchenette.
private bathrooms are fitted with showers and free toiletries, while the living room features cable tv.
myeongdong street is a 20-minute subway ride and the historical jongmyo shrine and changdeok palace are a 30-minute drive away.
there is also a fridge, a microwave and a dishwasher.
this floor also has a bathroom with bath.
this self-catering accommodation features free wi-fi.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and fishing.
the historic cambodian independence monument is placed 1.5 km from the hotel.
guests can work out at the gym, laze in the sauna, or check emails at the business centre.
the village of vignacastrisi di ortelle is 700 metres away.
nevsky prospekt and the city centre are an 8-minute metro ride from the property.
this holiday home is 82 km from clermont-ferrand auvergne airport.
set in the old town district in seville, this air-conditioned apartment is 700 metres from isla mágica. the unit is 1.2 km from plaza de armas.
free wifi access is available.
on arrival you will be given keys to the main doors and so you have 24-access to your accommodation.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a fridge.
centrally located in rome, trastevere luxury loft is 200 metres from st maria in trastevere basilica.
the sunnegga funicular is a 5-minute walk away.
the property grounds offers guests an outdoor barbecue for meal preparation, a swing for child's play, and garden furniture for lounging.
alternatively, there are a japanese restaurant and a café on the ground floor of the hotel building.
offering a garden and barbecue, les gîtes de flandre is set in villers-sur-authie, 13 km from the coast.
this gorgeous slate roofed cottage features french doors, a cast iron spiral staircase, which winds up to a charming sleeping loft with arched windows, pressed metal ceilings, candlelight chandeliers and an antique queen-size bed with luxurious linen.
this simply furnished apartment features a seating area, tumble dryer and kitchenette.
guests can also request breakfast to their rooms.
you can arrange guided deep sea fishing tours and guided photo boat tours with the accommodation.
bairro alto, the city’s most renowned nightlife area, is a 10-minute walk away and also has many restaurants and shops.
within the apartment building, you find 2 restaurants, a small supermarket and a bakery (also open on sundays).
milas-bodrum airport is 47 km from moonstar hotel.
on request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered to the apartments, while in summer breakfast is offered to guests at a surcahrge.
it offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
simply furnished yet comfortable, each room at hotel paysandú is equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, a sofa and a private bathroom.
the hotel provides a large public bath and a separate shower room.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking, canoeing and fishing.
select rooms offer views of the pool.
the rooms have a modern décor, with large windows and parquet floors. each one includes a flat-screen tv and some also have a sofa.
the large windows provide plenty of natural light.
it offers spacious accommodation with free wi-fi.
batumi international airport is 6.6 km from the property.
other leisure activities include a wii lounge, a laser biathlon, table tennis, darts and a football pitch.
each of the chalets at sítio da vovó features a balcony with a hammock, a cable flat-screen tv and a minibar.
other facilities at homerez - apartment koutsolotremithis st include a terrace.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub and a hot shower.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
free wi-fi access is available.
it includes a cretan tavern with courtyard and 2 private on-site parking spaces.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the apartment is 1.2 km from kings avenue mall.
the surrounding countryside of north rhine-westphalia is ideal for hiking and cycling, and there is a bike trail within 500 metres of the guest house.
there is also a barbecue.
the pramataris hotel is only 100 metres from the marketplace and monemvasia city centre.
dining options at lamasat hotel apartments include a restaurant, room service and vending machines.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
also there's a washing machine.
the patio offers outdoor dining and continental cuisine.
a kitchenette includes an oven, hob, fridge, kettle and toaster, complemented by a dining table and chairs.
paradise villas is 3 km from tesco lotus shopping mall thep prasit 1.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv in the living area, and a dining area.
food and drinks can be enjoyed at gallery cuisine restaurant, lobby bar and pool bar.
it offers modern-style apartments with air conditioning and a balcony. free wi-fi is provided throughout the property.
the rooms include a cable tv, garden view and en suite bathroom.
the village has several restaurants, bars and boutiques, as well a supermarket.
the property has a library-lounge with a fireplace, a botanic garden and an on-site vegetable garden.
this holiday home is 56 km from billund airport.
on-site parking is possible and subject to availability.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
st. peter lighthouse is 1.8 km away.
el campin coliseum is 8 km from hotel golden, while el campin stadium is 8 km away.
each room comes with an en suite bathroom with shower and a hairdryer.
wiener stadthalle, an event location, is 700 metres from the apartment koppstrasse, and the westbahnhof train station is 1.5 km away.
the bathrooms are spacious and luxurious. each features large windows, mosaic tiles, and a bath or shower.
chalets del caribe town houses is located 5 minutes’ drive from juan dolio beach and 3.7 km from playa real beach.
other services include a currency exchange and tour desk.
electric kettles are available upon request.
look forward to relaxing in the bright, cosy rooms of the ingeborg and wake up to a delicious breakfast in the morning, served in the breakfast room.
lappeenranta city and its airport are 58 km away, and the russian border is only 30 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
an oven, a toaster and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom. a tv and dvd player are offered.
chalet le paret includes 4 rooms, 2 bathrooms and a living room with a flat-screen tv, a sofa and a wood-burning stove. it also has a washing machine and an electric shoe dryer.
le loft is 1.3 km from nice old town and 1.5 km from masséna square.
guest house slavaiya is set in anapa, 41 km from novorossiysk.
enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your terrace or balcony.
it includes a living area with a kitchenette, satellite tv, and a private bathroom with a shower.
a sweet breakfast is provided at a nearby café.
sunny apartment is 15 km from thessaloniki.
with an outdoor pool and a kids' pool, hotel garden beach is only 30 metres from the sandy beach, near camping gradina, which is a 2-minute drive from sozopol.
guests can also dine on the terrace, which offers views of the souks.
each apartment has a kitchen equipped with dishwasher and fridge, and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
just 100 metres from the beach of ammoudi in zakynthos, the family-run remezzo studios offers self-catered accommodation with free wi-fi and a balcony overlooking the ionian sea and garden.
the vatican is a 10-minute walk away.
guests of granada pensjonat & spa have free access to the spa & wellness area including the pool, a finnish sauna, a steam bath and a hot tub.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing.
guests are also welcome to use the shared kitchen.
sao lazaro apartments is set in lisbon, 600 metres from rossio.
free parking is provided by deluxe quartier rü-wo.
there is a terrace where you can enjoy sea views.
comfort inn and suites cedar city rooms include a microwave and refrigerator.
breakfast is available, where guests can choose one plate from an egg plate, croque madame or duck hot dog, while bread, butter, jam, a glass of orange juice, a hot drink and a bottle of clean water are also provided.
the in-house restaurant, vels serves a selection of indian and chinese specialities.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, abramichi guest house offers pet-friendly accommodation in sighnaghi.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
there is also a kitchen with a stove, refrigerator and kitchenware. free wi-fi can be accessed in the rooms.
all studios at sunlight are bright and open to a balcony.
free parking is available on site.
all en suite bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer.
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for hiking.
from tram stop albert cuypstraat it is just 10 minutes to rembrandtplein and 15 minutes to amsterdam central station.
the guest house is set close to many of cala figuera’s restaurants, bars and cafés.
daily newspaper is also provided.
wellness facilities also include various saunas, a hot tub, a children's pool and a wide range of massage services.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
decorated in neutral colours, solid wooden furniture and classic-style interiors feature throughout.
this elegant hotel is next to copenhagen central station and opposite tivoli gardens.
several bars, shops and restaurants are within a walking distance and a shopping centre can be found 500 metres away.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a seating area, a flat-screen cable tv, a minibar, and a bathroom.
each room has access to a shared bath or shower room.
the hotel is 700 metres from the popular park street and 1.2 km from the large marble building of victoria memorial.
the hotel has a small library and reading lounge.
le refuge is 100 metres from the closest bus stop, which provides free access to hasselt centre.
portaventura theme park is less than 10 km away and tarragona is 23 km away.
pisa tower hostel has a shared living room and library with a fireplace and sofa, plus a games room with board games and playstation console.
towels and bed linen are featured.
nearby activities include canoeing, hiking, and cycling.
please note that nearby dining options are limited.
the apartment is classically decorated and consists of a separate bedroom, and a living room with a flat-screen satellite tv and sofa bed.
dining options include a coffee shop and international restaurant.
holiday home vandflodvej x is located in blåvand.
holiday home fyrmarken hvide sande iii is located in hvide sande.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, oven, microwave, nespresso® coffee machine with capsules and a kettle with assorted teas and chocolates.
each air-conditioned unit features a safe, a tv and a kitchenette with dining area, fridge and cooking hobs.
podgorica is 40 km from dvosoban stan zlatne njive, while cavtat is 48 km from the property.
air conditioning, a fridge and tv are standard in all of katerina apartments. each is furnished with classic, wooden furnishings.
guests of hotel alpenleben garni apart can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer.
at enteveedu homestay you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
the coastal city of nieuwpoort with its sandy beaches is 18 km from the property.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
each accommodation at holiday home lucie is air-conditioned and includes a seating area with a flat-screen tv and a bathroom with a shower or a bathtub.
this property is 44 km from roanne and 36 km from marcigny.
guests can relax in the lounge area.
tea and coffee-making facilities are included in every guest room at pear tree inn cape girardeau.
urbanización ágata iii apartments feature pastel décor and include a balcony with scenic sea and pool views.
bridge over nam ou river is less than a 5-minute ride from ban lao sunset bungalow, while pha tok cave is a 15-minute ride away.
snacks served at snack bar include pizza, pita and meatballs.
praslin island airport is located 43 km away.
barcelona el prat airport is 30 km away.
the spacious house features a lounge with large windows and a balcony with a seating area looking out onto the forest and mountains.
free wi-fi access is provided.
guests can arrange for day trips to the ocean park, or activities such as whale watching. those who prefer to stay in can enjoy the fresh air and calming views of nature from the indoor or outdoor seating area.
some rooms in casa naranja feature a private bathroom with a shower and other rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
offering a terrace and views of the lake, szakács apartman is located in balatonfüred.
posada viena hotel is located in the heart of mexico city, only 400 metres from the cuauhtémoc metro station and 100 metres from chapultepec avenue.
there is a communal dining room where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast.
the apartment is set in a house built in 1892 and it consists of a bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with leather sofas, a fully equipped kitchen with provided basic victuals and a bathroom with a corner bathtub with shower functions.
a beauty salon is on site, and massage services are offered for guests.
free private parking is available on site.
the hotel can also arrange guided tours of the local area.
vinter’s poolside grill features live jazz and blues, and coffeecopia specializes in coffees and snacks.
safed is about 9 km away.
free private parking is also available on site.
set 700 metres from dolphinarium in batumi, this apartment features free wifi.
the fresh food market can be reached in a short walk.
if you enjoy golf, the montgenèvre golf course is a 5-minute walk away.
free wi-fi is included.
you can enjoy city view.
staff at river gardens can also arrange for airport transfers and shuttle services at an additional fee.
cynthia woods mitchell pavilion is 10 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
a luggage storage area is available, as well as a fax and photocopying service.
guests can make use of tea/coffee facilities, hairdryers, and ironing facilities.
the dining area is available.
it also runs a tour desk that can assist with planning trips in the surroundings.
offering racquetball, yoga and swimming, bonsor recreation complex is 4 minutes’ drive away.
cooled with air conditioning and a fan, rooms feature cable tv, a wardrobe and a minibar.
a children’s playground is also available.
jr hachinohe train station is a 15-minute drive away.
luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
it offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
the picturesque mountain village of portaria is at 16 km.
each room here is surrounded by the rich vegetation and will provide guests with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a patio where the free breakfast is served.
kbal chhay waterfall is a 1-hour drive away.
guests staying at you & me 2 can utilize the bicycle and car rental services to explore the area.
each offers a work desk and a lounge chair as well as cable tv with hbo.
the property is 280 metres from gare du midi and 1.4 km from manneken pis.
within a 10-minute walk, guests will also find restaurants and bars.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
guests can cook at home, with a supermarket located only 1 km away, and there are many restaurants and bars within a distance of 2 km of the house.
fitted with tile/marble flooring each room comes with private bathroom.
split airport is 20 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
kai longhehas hotel is a 5-minute walk from guoyou museum and 25 km from jiefangbei pedestrian street.
nomo apartments (zhujiang new city branch) is a 20-minute walk from guangzhou tower, a 30-minute drive from guangzhou railway station.
guests can start the day with a breakfast buffet.
from late may to mid-october, the stubai super card is included in the rate. this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck.
the bathroom is fitted with free toiletries, slippers, bathrobe and hairdryer.
free wifi access is available.
there is also a casual café with tv, an irish pub and a billiards area.
featuring a restaurant and bar, hotel my place also offers meeting and banquet facilities.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out mont d'arbois (300 metres) and petit vorasset ski lift (600 metres).
within 400 m shops and restaurants can be found.
the spa town of bagni san filippo is 20 minutes away by car.
the shared bathroom features a bathtub, free toiletries and dark blue tiles.
the ponteo activity park includes activities such as squash, spinning and pilates.
this 5-star hotel is located in the heart of johannesburg’s economic hub, connected to sandton convention centre.
the nearest airport is anapa airport, 13 km from the property.
many have a private balcony.
the non-smoking rooms of the hotel fürstenhof include satellite tv, a minibar and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms come with free toiletries.
this hotel offers free local transfer services, an indoor pool and fitness centre.
mayak inn offers accommodation in sukhaya.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
with its own landscaped garden, patio and picnic area, this ymca backpackers is just 15 minutes' walk from penzance train station and 10 minutes' walk from the town centre, which includes a variety of shops, pubs and restaurants.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing, cycling and horse riding.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the skuba grill offers its renowned menu in the bar throughout the day and in the restaurant during the evenings.
a full kitchen with a microwave, refrigerator, stovetop and oven is provided in the cinnamon shores condos by turnkey vacation rentals. there is also a spacious living area with a sofa and cable tv.
it features an indoor and outdoor pool, and a spa centre with sauna.
studios and apartments come with a seating area and a fully equipped kitchens or kitchenettes.
the property is located 2.5 km from the new port of the island and the airport, while shuttle services can be provided upon charge.
located 966 metres from the theatre district and 644 metres from times square, this property features a restaurant and a fitness centre.
free wifi access is available in this country house.
offering a restaurant, free bikes and a 24 hour front desk, pensiunea cora is located in piteşti, 3 km from the city centre.
bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for windsurfing.
some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
the apartment will provide guests with a balcony and air conditioning. some units have a flat-screen tv.
it features air-conditioned accommodation and a stone-paved courtyard with a communal kitchen.
a tv is provided.
there is a kitchen with fireplace, oven and dishwasher, as well as a furnished outdoor dining area.
village villa "sunny cow" is a self-catering accommodation located within 800 metres from anjuna beach and flea market.
the en suite bathrooms have a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, the lions offers accommodation in newark upon trent, 27 km from nottingham. free private parking is available on site.
luggage can be stored at the front desk.
they are equipped with free wi-fi access, a tv and a private bathroom.
it offers spacious accommodation and self-catering apartments with free wifi access in the provençal town of lorgues.
the rooms and apartments at hotel piedra marron feature queen-size beds, and some also have air conditioning, cable tv and a balcony or terrace. apartments have a kitchen with an oven, coffee maker, toaster and fridge.
all rooms are fitted with a tv with cable channels.
conveniently located in the popular schöneberg district of berlin, berlincitystay- rent a room offers modern loft accommodation with a lift and free wifi.
a private chef is also possible for an extra fee and 24-hour concierge service is also available.
it is a good starting point to explore the famous painted monasteries of bucovina.
the kitchenette is equipped with a ceramic hob, oven and coffee machine.
the hot spring water is reputedly drinkable.
each room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
the property is 1.2 km from zuoying station, 1.2 km from world games station and 1.9 km from ecological district station.
breakfast is available on request.
hotel-restaurant central is located in the centre of küsnacht, just 50 metres from küsnacht train station and 150 metres from lake zurich.
its location allows easy access to the city centre.
comfort food is available through a 24-hour room service, whereas drinks and light food menu are served throughout the day at the bar.
ekatontapyliani church is 800 metres away.
guests can enjoy massage services at the massage centre.
guests can relax by the outdoor swimming pool or in the sauna and hot tub.
alterego studios also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area. there is also a dining table.
pension alicia is a family-run guest house located 13 km from marbella.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
the monte gordo casino is an 8-minute drive and features slot machines, a restaurant and regular entertainment.
with large windows and parquet floors, rooms at hotel nación are very bright. all of them have dvd players and private bathrooms.
b&b santa rita is a 5-minute drive from both turin porta nuova station and from politecnico di torino university.
free wi-fi access is available.
guests also enjoy free wifi access throughout the property.
there is a bus stop right outside of the pub with a direct link to the city of bath.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
comfortable recliner chairs are included in most rooms.
it takes 1 hour to drive to qinhuangdao airport.
shops can be found at 1 km from the property and restaurants are 4 km away.
guests can access a shared kitchen.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the studio will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
this 3-star hotel is situated in beerfelden in the odenwald nature reserve.
guests can also visit the ancient market at 1.2 km and the ancient theatre at 2 km.
it provides a shuttle bus service to the hua-hin night market.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 28 km from the property.
they are equipped with a flat-screen tv and have a private bathroom with bathrobe, hairdryer and toiletries.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out hansa-park (300 metres) and sierksdorf - hof (2.3 km).
abbey library is 400 metres from kränzlin hotel, while textile museum is 300 metres from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
this cosy accommodation provides free internet access and tastefully furnished rooms.
the four bedroom apartment has two bedrooms with double beds and two bedrooms with two single beds each.
berchtesgaden salt mines, lake königssee and the town of obersalzberg are all within 5 km of the property.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
a tv and dvd player are available.
guests at hotel real de la montaña will find a variety of food places 5 minutes’ walk away and they can also fish their own food at the magical village of huasca de ocampo within 5 minutes’ drive.
all air-conditioned apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a dining setting and laundry facilities.
each room includes a flat-screen tv, a work desk, and tea and coffee making facilities.
the common areas include a lounge, a fireplace room and a smoking tv room. the media room comes with a video, a projector and a canvas.
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and oven.
a number of restaurants and cafes can be found just a 5-minute walk from résidence lamartine.
ronald reagan washington airport is 9 km from the hotel, while baltimore - washington international airport is 52 km away.
plaza catalunya and las ramblas are 20 minutes from the apartments on foot.
dubai mall and burj khalifa are 15 minutes away by car.
central cuernavaca is a 10-minute drive from ayurveda palace.
various golf courses are available within a 10 km radius, the nearest of which at just an 8-minute drive.
the simply furnished apartments feature a living area with sofa bed, flat-screen tv and kitchenette.
the in-house à la carte restaurant serves a wide range of traditional swedish and international dishes.
set on the 1st floor of an austro-hungarian style villa in opatija, apartment milani is bright and spacious and offers a terrace and free wifi access.
guests enjoy benefits at the partner taborin italian restaurant, which is only 100 metres away.
at les ursulines, you will find a quiet and serene atmosphere and an available and efficient professional staff that will help you organize your trips whether you are here on holiday or for business.
a bus stop located 30 metres from the property offers links to sassari, 26 km away, and alghero, 60 km away.
mundet metro station is 500 metres away.
you can play billiards at the motel.
the rooms will provide you with a mountain view and a garden view.
situated less than one block from the attractions of colonial williamsburg, virginia, this property offers an outdoor swimming pool and free on-site parking.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it also offers a sauna and a hot tub.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
a local bus stop and a 24-hour grocery shop can both be found within only 20 metres from the property.
at le zenith you will find a garden, free-use barbecue facilities and a terrace.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
beautiful unit in potrero hill plar4263 features free wi-fi and a fully equipped kitchen.
the berlin speciality, currywurst, is served at the dom curry, 180 metres away from the hotel.
free wifi is available .
free private parking is available on site.
enjoy a cup of coffee or relax in front of the flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and cable channels.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a spa, nhi phi hotel offers non-smoking rooms with modern furnishings and warm-coloured décor.
newspapers are provided free of charge, while airport shuttle, car rental and shuttle services are available at additional fees.
the bathrooms are either private or shared.
featuring free wi-fi throughout, chiaja loft is located in the historic centre of naples. piazza del plebiscito square is a 5-minute walk away.
surrounded by beautiful landscaped gardens, element on coolum beach features a day spa and heated outdoor pool with sun loungers.
each has a private bathroom with a shower.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spa with sauna and hammam.
national museum of krakow is 500 metres from the property.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
free wifi access is available in the rooms.
a full breakfast menu includes smoked salmon with scrambled eggs, organic porridge, fruit smoothies and a range of teas and coffees.
a shared kitchen is at the guests' disposal at deluxe rooms palazzo drusko.
each light and airy apartment comes with a kitchen and dining area, as well as a lounge with a flat-screen tv.
it offers a rooftop terrace with sunbeds and hot tub, a patio with seating area, and a lounge.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
the large woodforest golf club is 15 miles away.
guest are also invited to meet the animals, which include sheep, goats, chickens, cats and a small dog.
relaxation options at the hotel include a hot tub, a turkish bath and a sauna. there is also a modern gym featuring cardiovascular equipment and free weights.
all rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
each studio at mini-gîtes des plages du débarquement includes a kitchenette with a fridge, a stove and a microwave.
rooms are simply furnished and provide spacious interiors.
the café offers a relaxing spot for a coffee break, while there are also barbeque facilities in the garden for all guests to use.
victoria is a 20-minute drive away.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
rooms include a tv.
the palais des congrès is a 7-minute tram ride away and both the university campus and the toison d'or shopping centre are less than 20 minutes from the property.
the apartment will provide you with a tv and a balcony. there is a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
featuring free wifi, finca il volo offers accommodation in tijoco de abajo.
meals can be arranged on request, prepared with local, organic products.
complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has kitchenware and an electric kettle.
dine in at aurorae restaurant, which serves indonesian cuisine or order room service.
zadar airport is 14 km from the property.
guests can play lawn bowls and table tennis at the hotel.
all units include a kitchen fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
you can enjoy river view and pool view from the room.
the daily served breakfast consists of cold cuts, fresh fruit and croissants or cakes, together with hot drinks.
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
ngurah rai international airport is a 25-minute drive, while the famous kuta and seminyak area is a 30-minute drive away.
the malinalco museum is 800 metres away and 1 hour’s drive from the toluca international airport.
skiathos airport is located 1.5 km from the property.
the private bathroom includes a shower, and bed linen and towels are provided.
located just one block from colchagua museum, hotel gomero offers accommodations in santa cruz.
a shared kitchen is also available, as well as a terrace where breakfast is served during summer.
manila international airport is 24 km away.
the mediterranean coast is a 30-minute drive from hotel wunder.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 27 km from alex beach apartments sveti vlas.
el palmar beach is 10 km away and los caños de meca beach is 13 km away.
at cabañas el conde de niebla guests will find a garden, a communal terrace and a snack bar.
the bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
at west loop 4 bedroom apartment you will find a garden. there is a washing machine and tumbler dryer.
the baixa-chiado metro station is 280 metres away and the rossio train station is a 10-minute walk away and connects guests to the mystic city of sintra.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring a private balcony with a sea view, this modern, air-conditioned apartment offers a living room with a flat-screen tv, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.
certain units have a seating area where you can relax.
marrakech-menara airport is ideally located a 30-minute drive away.
a work desk and slippers are featured in guests’ rooms at the pristan hotel.
there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
a tv with cable channels is offered.
private units also come with a flat-screen cable tv and a private bathroom.
the nearest bust station is just 1 km away from the villa.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. an electric kettle and refrigerator can be found in the guest rooms.
all rooms at hotel bilan are located in refurbished prison cells.
some apartments feature a kitchenette equipped with a fridge, a microwave and kitchenware.
most are en suite and some have a terrace.
located just 2 miles from texas a&m university, this college station motel features an outdoor pool and deck.
the hotel is 200 metres from san cristobal cathedral and 500 metres from del carmen arch.
air-conditioned, all units are provided with cable tv and contain a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
there is also a bar with an open fireplace.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
each private bathroom is equipped with a shower.
the elegantly-decorated apartment features a view of the city.
the air-conditioned studios and apartments at chrysanthos open out to a balcony with garden or street views.
the apartments also include a fully furnished kitchen.
featuring a peaceful and green location outside livorno, casa vacanza da manolo is a ground-floor apartment with private patio and al-fresco dining area.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including windsurfing and diving.
batumi international airport is 5 km from the property.
a white sand beach is within 1.5 km from amrita.
enjoy hearty german cuisine in the domkreuger’s cosy restaurant, and round off your evening in the on-site bowling alley.
situated 300 metres from meixi shopping mall, it has 24-hour reception and a tour desk.
nea anchialos airport is at a distance of 85 km.
views of the sea, mountain or lake are featured in certain rooms.
this air-conditioned five-bedroom house comes with a fireplace, a living/dining area, and lake views.
valledoria is a 17-minute drive from the property, and porto torres is 34 km away.
a fridge and kettle are also featured.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels and bathroom equipped with bathrobes and toiletries and mountain views are further features of each room at the palin hotel.
cable tv is featured in each guest room at days inn colorado springs airport. tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a minibar. there is also an electric kettle.
villa pantulan bali is about 3 km from ubud and 38 km from ngurah rai international airport.
hotel sun is close to several exhibition centres where a number of international trade fairs take place.
a 7-minute walk from lamai beach, suanmali samui features an outdoor pool and a bar.
there is a shared bathroom available.
the resort also provides babysitting and laundry services.
offering luxurious eco-friendly holiday homes, surrounded by native trees and pristine coastline, beach road holiday homes are the ideal place to relax and unwind.
each room comes with a tv. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
this property is 810 metres away from the notre dame cathedral and 1 km from an dinh palace and trang tien bridge.
rooms at le petit chateau come with hardwood floors and feature antique décor, garden views, a work desk, a minibar and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
hurtigruten ferry terminal and mehamn airport are 5.5 km from red tree.
other facilities at san sebastian flat include a games room with table tennis and billiards.
breakfast at the alisèe b&b is served daily in the dining area or in the garden in the summer. it is a varied buffet offering sweet and savoury products.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
towels and bed linen are provided.
b&b joke de groot offers a floor with 2 rooms, private toilet and private bathrooms.
climb the tower of the collado castle to enjoy views from a privileged position and with a glass of the hotels wine.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
free public parking is available on request.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out pompidou centre (1.1 km) and opéra bastille (1.6 km).
there is also a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave as well as a kettle. toaster, a refrigerator, and a stovetop.
guests at pousada raio de sol can benefit from a breakfast buffet with natural juices, cakes and biscuits. the recently-remodeled guest house now offers an elevator and moderised facilities.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
rooms at the relais du chateau are colour themed and each has a private bathroom with a bath or a shower.
wifi, continental breakfast and on-site parking are also offered.
some have a seating area, while others come with a balcony.
mazuria is located directly on lake czos in mrągowo, a town in the masuria lake district.
the restaurant offers regional dishes prepared with fresh ingredients.
durban country club can be reached by car in 10 minutes.
some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
the apartment is 500 metres from thomas-henry fine art museum and 2 km from cité de la mer.
tenerife sur airport is a 15-minute drive away.
rooms and suites are provided with a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with a shower.
inapartments vanilla residence is located in 350 metres from the beach in gdynia and offers self-catering accommodation. free wifi access is available. the property is 550 metres from the music theatre
you can also reach the city’s shopping district which is 400 metres away.
all rooms offer free wi-fi access.
the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave, coffee machine, toaster and washing machine.
offering a restaurant, five star tower is located in birgi vecchi. free wifi access is available in this holiday home. the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a terrace.
bed linen is available.
bursa-yenisehir airport is 82 km while sabiha gokcen airport is 152 km away.
the tour desk can arrange cruises on the river tajo and alcántara’s lakes are within a short drive.
this self-catering apartment is set at a priviledged location, only 50 metres from cobacabana beach in rio de janeiro.
you can also relax with drinks and enjoy the mountain views.
rawcliffe bridge is close to the m18, m62, and m180 motorways.
verbania is a 15-minute drive from residenza del pascià.
free public parking is available on spot and the closest restaurants and shops are within 200 metres of landhaus rosenrot.
a big terrace with barbecue facilities with a table and chairs is available in the back.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage.
designed in a contemporary style, the guest room features exposed wooded beams and offers a garden view.
the holiday home features free wifi throughout the property.
khichan bird sanctuary is 100 metres from mihir garh palace, while umaid bhawan palace museum is 5 km from the property.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
with a green and peaceful location 1 km from somma lombardo centre, il ciliegio fiorito features a lush garden, free bike rental, and free wi-fi throughout.
wake up each morning with a wholesome breakfast buffet.
other landmarks such as the spanish steps, can be easily reached via metro.
there is a seating area and a private bathroom. an oven, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette. a flat-screen tv is provided.
the private bathroom offers a walk-in shower.
a cable tv and kitchen with stove, microwave and refrigerator are included.
guest house rila is set 14 km away from borovets.
a tv is featured.
for more meal options, local restaurants are available within a 5-minute drive from the property.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
hotel villa sonia is set above taormina.
offering tagus river views, this air-conditioned apartment from the 20th century was recently renovated and includes free wifi access.
the bathrooms are private and include a shower and toilet.
guests can access free wi-fi in all areas.
the property has a garden and free private parking.
hotel times’ budget provides an elevator for convenience.
free wifi is available.
a washing machine is also provided.
they all include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
each apartment features a kitchenette with a microwave with oven function, stove, coffee machine, electric kettle toaster and fridge.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
guests can also enjoy local and international specialities in the restaurant or relax with a drink in the bar.
a bathrobe and slippers are available in rooms.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
the bathroom is private, has a shower and hairdryer, and offers toiletries.
features include a restaurant and rooms with a qutab minar view.
the apartments also offer a balcony with mountain views.
the hotel has a bar and 2 restaurants serving regional and french cuisine.
the courtyard also includes a terrace.
some room types include a bathtub.
a 24-hour front desk can assist guests with laundry services and room service for those who’d prefer to dine in instead.
the aiguestortes i estany de sant maurici national park is just 3 km from the tarter.
guests can try local wines in the vinothek wine cellar.
facilities include cable tv, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with shower.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a tv with cable channels.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, machiya guest house mimoro offers accommodation in sakurai.
outdoors, there is a fire pit and a private hot tub.
towels are offered.
free wifi is provided .
the hostel’s lounge includes a flat-screen tv and sofas.
all air-conditioned rooms feature city views, a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with free toiletries, slippers and a shower.
on request, a chaffeur service can be organised.
the apartments offer a sofa, washing machine and ironing facilities. the bathrooms provide a hairdryer.
max bistro serves local specialties, indonesian cuisine and oriental dishes.
the bathroom and toilets are shared.
hostel mors offers accommodation in tyumen.
guests can lounge by the outdoor pool or exercise at the on-site jogging track. relaxing traditional massage and spa services are available.
staff at the hotel’s 24-hour reception can provide information about what lastres and the surrounding area have to offer.
utama raya operates a 24-hour front desk and offers meeting/banqueting facilities and laundry services.
anfi tauro golf course is just 5 minutes’ drive away from marina suites.
the camandoule offers soundproofed guestrooms with air conditioning, a tv and free wi-fi access.
a typical italian breakfast is served daily in the common area. it includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino and sweet pastries.
free private parking is offered. free wifi is provided throughout the property.
vending machines, a luggage storage service and a public bath are all available on site at park inn hostel.
free wifi access is available.
the property offers free parking.
drama theatre is a 10-minute walk away.
located 300 metres from kefalos beach in kos, maritsa apartments offers self-catered rooms with a furnished balcony overlooking the aegean sea.
the tiruvananthapuram international airport is 23 km.
this wonderful castle from the 17th century is surrounded by a beautiful park.
lyon’s palais des congrès and the tête d’or park are 3.5 km away.
the shared bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
for your comfort, it offers a fitness centre.
it offers modern rooms with patio and free wi-fi.
guests can take advantage of the common kitchen, or head to one of the many restaurants available in the area.
the hotel offers 24-hour front desk service and free public parking on site.
a daily continental breakfast is served at the days inn. it includes cereal, bread, coffee, tea and juice.
air conditioning, a small fridge and both a kettle and coffee machine are included in each room, where breakfast is served.
located by vasaparken park, just 10 minutes' walk from stockholm central station, this hostel offers brightly decorated rooms with air conditioning.
some rooms overlook the pool and the mountains.
la gomera is set on the picturesque san pedro street and is 500 metres from the osuna's roman amphitheatre.
antalya airport is 128 km away.
featuring stylish décor, the restored house offers bright bedrooms and a living room with a tv. the kitchen includes a dishwasher and oven.
the coliseum is reachable in 2 metro stops, while termini train station is 4 stops from the property.
the nest boutique hostel offers accommodation in galway.
it also features a bathroom with a shower and hardwood floors.
featuring free wifi, pension margit offers pet-friendly accommodation in baden.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area. featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
castellammare del golfo train station is a 20-minute drive away.
the kids club is nearby the children swimming pool and its spacious area with playground.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, dvd, sauna and a hot tub.
botafogo beach is 1.2 km from couto lauredo ap, while sugar loaf is 2.8 km from the property.
there are numerous shops, bars, and restaurants in the centre of azkoitia, and the nearest bus stop is a 20-minute walk from the house.
a spacious bathroom features a hairdryer.
the building is equipped with top-grade facilities including a fitness centre.
every room at this inn is air conditioned and has a tv.
the sandy beach of puerto de pollensa is a 10-minute drive from the property.
some units include a dining area and/or terrace.
extras include bath robes, slippers and free toiletries.
the pool house is equipped with a fridge and coffee maker.
the lovely courtyard and terrace offers spectacular views of the fairy chimneys.
free private parking is possible on site.
the quality inn & suites hotel is just off state highway 6 minutes from texas a&m university, historic downtown bryan and st.
you can access to the beach after a short walk.
free private parking is available at aktivhotel veronika.
there are also other restaurants in the surrounding area.
kansas city airport is 82 km away.
the property offers free parking.
at the foot of mount panarotta and 2 km from the centre of levico terme, casa vacanze ca dei logi offers functionally furnished apartments with a washing machine.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
surf dance holiday units are 4 km from mount coolum golf club, and 15 minutes’ drive from sunshine coast airport.
all rooms are air conditioned and include a desk and a tv with satellite channels. the private bathrooms have a bath, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
more advanced riders have the opportunity to take more varied adventures along different trails.
buffet meals at element restaurant offer a wide selection of international favourites and fresh local products.
tarragona is 1 hour by car.
the hotel is opposite villenne golf course and free parking is available on site. émile zola museum and medan castle are both located 1 km from the hotel.
doubletree hotel irvine spectrum features an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub.
relax and unwind at larissa spa centre featuring an indoor pool, a steam room and a sauna.
hotel saint yves lies close to the centre of nantes, a 10 minute walk from saint pierre cathedral and chateau des ducs de bretagne.
this three-bedroom holiday home features a fully-equipped kitchen, 2 bathrooms, a seating area with a tv and a dining area.
several restaurants and bars can be found within the area.
complimentary breakfast is served at the lounge.
rooms at aux beaux buis come with a dvd player and a modern, private bathroom with free toiletries.
guests of the uhudler-arkaden can play darts and table tennis, and store their bicycles on site.
guests can also visit the en-suite beauty salon.
hostel lotos offers accommodation in novoshakhtinsk.
centrally located in mardin, basak hotel is 50 metres from zinciriye medresesi, an islamic centre built in 1385.
pompidou centre is 1.9 km from lokappart - monge, while louvre museum is 2.2 km from the property.
the restaurant serves traditional asturian gastronomic dishes cooked on a wood-fired grill.
the property is located 3 miles from central dewsbury and its railway station, and also the m62 motorway.
a private bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries.
kata gardens luxury apartment also includes a fitness centre. guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
guests can purchase own-produced white wine on site.
the property offers free parking.
the guest house is 1.2 km from armação beach and 200 metres from bus central station.
a shaded street side terrace offers the perfect spot to have a drink and watch the world go by.
all apartments include private bathroom with shower, a flat-screen tv and outdoor furniture.
presidente castro pinto international airport is 14 km away.
the vibrant town of primošten is only 7 km from danijela pansion, unesco-protected trogir can be reached in a 20-minute drive, while šibenik is 35 km away.
the rooms come with an attached bathroom.
free private parking is available on site.
tivat airport is 20 km from popović apartments.
guests can find restaurants in the immediate vicinity of hotel y suites corita.
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
the property offers free parking.
the restaurant serves german and international cuisine, and a selection of wines is available.
free private parking is available.
there is also a bar offering drinks during the day.
with garden views, all rooms come with a fan and some have a satellite lcd tv.
located in the heart of historic north beach san francisco, this intimate hotel creatively captures the area’s bohemian flair of the 1950’s and 1960’s.
extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
guests can enjoy a homemade granola or freshly made pancakes.
each one has a balcony with a view of the sea.
it features a garden, a terrace and a restaurant, while free wi-fi is available.
guests can also enjoy barbecuing outside where wooden gazebos are provided or relax with a drink at the bar.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven, microwave and toaster.
all rooms at the miramare come with simple furniture and feature a tv and private bathroom with shower.
the hotel is a 3-minute walk from petro tower and a 4-minute walk from lam son stadium.
superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub.
adler is 70 km from dva tisa hotel, while krasnaya polyana is 100 km from the property.
it features a gym, sauna and steam room, in addition to bookable beauty treatments.
free parking is available on site, and staff at the 24-hour reception can provide local area information.
the anhalter bahnhof s-bahn (city rail) station and bus stop is a 1-minute walk from the belahr.
guests can enjoy hiking and cycling in the surrounding countryside.
the apartment is on a 6th floor.
all air-conditioned rooms have a flat-screen satellite tv and a seating area where you can relax.
it also has a washing machine, a flat-screen cable tv, a work desk and an en suite bathroom with a shower.
located in ulcinj's old town, hotel kulla e balshajve offers air-conditioned apartments with views of the sea.
inside, the modern apartment features a fully equipped kitchen.
sequoia national park is 1 hours’ drive from this motel.
the scenic apollonia town is 8 km away and artemonas village is at distance of 9 km.
this self-catering accommodation opens out on to a city-view balcony and has free wifi access.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
pulkovo airport is 15 km away.
it offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access and garden views.
schiphol airport is 11 km from the property.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, seating area, a minibar and a tv with cable channels.
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
each of the rooms at the hotel comes equipped with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, shower facilities in the room and a separate toilet.
room service is also available.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada villarejo guarujá is located in guarujá, 150 metres from praia da enseada beach.
the crowne plaza guangzhou science city is a 25-minute drive from guangzhou east railway station and a 45-minute drive from baiyun international airport.
a hob, toaster, microwave, coffee machine, dishwasher and washing machine are provided in the kitchen.
it is a 20-minute drive from ramayana department store and a 30-minute drive from sultan mahmud badaruddin ii airport.
situated in the heart of tsakhadzor, the kechi resort is conveniently located just 800 metres from the ski lift.
there is also a wooden caravan set in the horse meadow.
set in the city centre of celaya and featuring a restaurant on site, hotel gomez de celaya also offers its guests 24-hour front desk service and free wifi access throughout.
it offers hiking in the summer and cross-country skiing in the winter.
a continental breakfast is provided daily and can be enjoyed in the guest rooms.
the bright rooms come with either a private or shared bathroom, and some have a small balcony.
free private parking is also available on site.
shali lodge siwa is 10 km from fatnis island and 5 km from downtown.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
this country inn provides a tranquil getaway in the franconian town of uffenheim, in the heart of the fränkisches weinland wine-growing district.
each of the rooms at the hotel comes equipped with a cable tv, a minibar and a private bathroom.
massages, manicures and pedicures are available at p’tit paradis auberge.
guests can relax in the shared lounge and free wifi is available on site.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
the hotel is equipped with a 24-hour front desk and tour desk.
offering an outdoor pool, this apartment is 500 metres from maspalomas dunes and 300 metres from yumbo centrum shopping centre in playa del ingles.
indoor hot-spring baths are offered, and guests can enjoy playing table tennis.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
casa vacanze modicarte's restaurant serves typical sicilian cuisine.
various family rooms offer spacious, separate rooms.
housed in an 18th-century building, it features a panoramic terrace and free private parking for motorbikes.
paris-gare de lyon train station is a 13-minute walk away from the property.
located in the quiet village of grange-over-sands on the edge of the lake district national park, somerset house is just 3-minute walk from the promenade at morecambe bay.
guests can enjoy the peaceful beach area, or have a relaxing massage.
overlooking the garden, rooms at the casa nicolaus b&b include a fridge and a private bathroom.
front desk operates 24 hours a day and offers room service and currency exchange.
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
a dvd player, ironing facilities and kitchenware are provided upon request.
adler airport is 5 km away.
guests can also use the shared kitchen and enjoy their meals in the common lounge.
set in the suburbs of the veneto region, mum's b&b is 7.5 km from the centre of vicenza.
free wi-fi is included.
all rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, blu-ray player and dvd player.
castillo de santa cecilia has banquet facilities and a chapel, plus currency exchange services are also available.
accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a tv and sofa bed.
kaktus playa is set in the centre of calella. this town is perfectly placed to visit catalunya's most popular sights.
leonis b&b is located in palermo, 300 metres from giardino inglese.
the sheraton tunis hotel also provides a 24-hour reception with local tourist information.
300 metres from the stop of the free bus to the nassfeld ski area, pension johanna can be found a 10-minute walk from hermagor.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
hotel la riviera is located 4 km from altea and 8 km from benidorm.
free wifi is available on site.
a former guesthouse of the soviet government, the villa andropoff is surrounded by pine forests.
wi-fi internet access is available at the reception desk, which is open 24 hours a day.
the nearest metro station is the m3 and m3 junction at kálvin tér, 200 metres away.
the closest bus stop is 3 minutes on foot away, while the train station can be reached in a 5-minute drive.
some offer city views.
other facilities like a shared lounge and a games room are offered.
private bathrooms are fitted with showers.
guests can use a common kitchen with a dining area.
pullman hostel offers accommodation in syktyvkar.
other guest services include shoe shines and childcare.
guests staying 3 or more nights can use the on-site sauna for free.
rooms have rustic tuscan-style décor and far-reaching views of the mountains.
housed in an 18th-century building, cretan villa is located in the centre of ierapetra.
surfhunt provides windsurfing equipment rental, as well as surfing lessons.
these spacious one and two-bedroom apartments include furnished terrace and most have sea views.
you can enjoy garden view from the balcony.
each room has an en suite bathroom equipped with shower facility and free toiletries.
the rooms’ marble bathrooms offer luxury toiletries.
this holiday home is 82 km from billund airport.
klong dao beach is 9.9 km away, while saladan pier is 13 km from lanta halabala resort.
there is a full kitchen with kitchenware, as well as a bathroom with a bath.
guests can relax by the pool or rent a bicycle to go explore the charming city.
the property also houses a rooftop indian restaurant and a nightclub.
guests can also use the barbecue facilities.
san casciano in val di pesa is 15 km away.
play a game of tennis at the tennis court or enjoy golfing, canoeing, and fishing in the surrounding area.
available for all-day dining, the restaurant serves a variety of thai and international dishes.
saulina resort is a 40-minute drive from tomok ferry harbour.
after a swim, guests can soak up the sun on the beach with a drink.
espace montagne apartment has a living area with a tv and dining area.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 27 km from the property.
the apartment features modern interiors and includes a separate bedroom, as well as a bathroom with shower.
wicomico ocean city arport is 24 km away.
the outdoor swimming pool area features sun loungers, where guests can relax after a plunge in the pool. table tennis is also available for those more energetic.
bogmalo beach guest house offers simple accommodation with free wi-fi in vāsco da gāma, about 1 km from bagmallo beach and bat island.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
featuring 3 double bedrooms and a twin room, this guest house offers a calm and relaxing experience.
the ground floor apartments have their own gardens and the second floor apartments have a private rooftop terrace.
at hotel kärntnerhof, guests will find a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer, curling facilities, and a bicycle rental.
only 9 km away from phnom penh international airport, top banana guesthouse features free parking facilities and an on-site nightclub.
featuring spacious interiors, guestrooms offer both air-conditioning and heating facilities. each room is fitted with a fridge, an electric kettle and a tv with cable channels.
guests can benefit from fitness centre free of charge.
port aux cerises offers a variety of open-air activities beside the lake.
set in a traditional ottoman house in bozcaada, elit pension has a furnished garden.
ile aux oiseaux can be found nearby.
ideally set inside napoli centrale train station and featuring a shopping gallery with direct access to the high-speed train area, stelle hotel the businest offers soundproofed air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
at hotel tulip guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a bar and massage facilities.
free parking is available.
patuno wakatobi resort is 10 minutes’ drive from matahora airport and is 30 minutes’ drive to the atm centre at wanci.
guests can also eat in the dining room, whose windows overlook the plants and flowers surrounding the property.
the bright apartment has a living room with sofas, dining area and flat-screen tv, as well as a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
belorussky train station is 9 km away, and sheremetyevo international airport is a 35-minute express train ride from this station.
the nearest bus stop is a 3-minute walk from the property.
it offers self-catering apartments with free wifi and bbq facilities.
guests can enjoy a free breakfast and stunning ocean views from their private patio.
free wireless internet is available in the public areas.
free wifi and free private parking are provided. guests can also use shared kitchen facilities.
an lcd tv and a pastel-coloured décor feature in the rooms at hôtel des arts.
a public lake in see/paznauntal is 20 km away.
offering an a la carte restaurant, casa hotel las antillas is located in tolú.
the property boasts views of the city and is 1.1 km from mogren beach.
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged upon request.
located just off interstates 80 and 90 and 5 and 10 minutes’ drive from the university of notre dame, this hotel features a large indoor pool.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room.
each unit is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable and satellite channels, an electric kettle and en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
hotel san martin is located 50 metres from san cristobal de las casas main square, the cathedral and the plaza de la paz square.
mountain-view apartments at the schiestlhof include parquet floors, satellite lcd tv, and a kitchen with dishwasher.
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view.
located off surabaya’s main boulevard of jalan raya darmo, hotel santika pandegiling offers modern rooms with a flat-screen cable tv and private bathroom.
antalya airport is 96 km away.
cable tv and work desks are standard in each room at lidingö hotell.
the reception team can help guests plan sightseeing trips.
nice côte d'azur airport is 17 km away.
all air-conditioned rooms at s'estanyol feature a balcony and some boast ocean views.
the restaurant is decorated with traditional ukrainian art and artefacts.
each one comes with a tv and private bathroom.
hotel fabiola is a functional hotel located in the heart of mexico’s city centre.
a flat-screen cable satellite tv is included in all of the comfortable guest rooms at holiday inn express san diego south – chula vista.
visitors arriving to the property will find it within walking distance to dubai metro, centrally accessible to the city's premier lifestyle destinations, such as ski dubai, jumeirah beach residence, jebel ali free zone, which makes it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers.
the u1 underground line takes guests to the prater amusement park in 7 minutes.
the nearest airport is antalya airport, 41 km from kemer pansiyon.
a variety of dishes for lunch and dinner is served at the restaurant.
all accommodation is located on the ground floor, offering easy access to the free on-site parking area.
you can come and go as you please using the 24 hour access code.
situated just 1 mile from edinburgh’s shopping district of princes street, 29 guest house is a self-service accommodation with a large private car park and free wifi in public areas.
those who want to venture further afield will find that they are within easy reach of numerous historical cities, including: san marino, ravenna, sant’arcangelo and urbino, as well as the rimini fair and romagna’s famous theme parks.
a children’s playground is available for younger guests.
featuring a bath tub or shower, private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
dormitories at property are either equipped with a fan or air conditioning.
the private bathroom includes bathrobes, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
hotel casa chameleon is built using renewable resources such as bamboo and volcanic rock, which provides the hotel with a unique style.
appartamento vista mare is a self-catering accommodation located in cefalù, 600 metres from the historical centre.
most rooms have a view of the garden.
guests can enjoy beautiful views of the ocean from the apartment’s balcony.
le massif ski hill is less than 21 km from the hotel.
the universal orlando resort is 15 miles from the property. guests will be 12 miles from the seaworld orlando and discovery cove.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, kettle and fridge.
located 600 metres from agios lazaros byzantine museum in larnaca, this apartment features free wifi. the air-conditioned unit is 600 metres from agios lazaros square.
situated in a restored 16th-century convent, this hotel is located in alter do chão.
guests have access to a shared bathroom and shared toilet.
at hotel excelsior you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
the tour desk can provide sightseeing advice and help guests with travel arrangements.
the anaheim hills golf course is a 10-minute drive away.
packed lunches including vegetarian options are also available.
saint peter’s square is 1 km away.
the luxurious bonnie's boutique b&b lies 3 miles west of arundel castle, just outside the south downs national park.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
the property houses a restaurant where guests can enjoy a selection of local and western dishes.
venice marco polo airport is a 35-minute drive away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
the reception desk is available 24-hours a day at super 8 wichita airport.
holiday home enebærvej ii is located in nørager, 300 m from the sea.
the spacious air-conditioned rooms have pastel-coloured décors and furniture.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, satellite channels, a dvd player and a radio.
there is a lift and a ski storage in the complex.
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport, 59 km from the property.
this hotel offers an abundance of amenities including a free continental breakfast, free coffee, free wireless high-speed internet access and free local calls. an indoor heated pool, hot tub, game room and dvd rentals are all available for guest enjoyment.
hostel sweethome is located in the krasnoyarsk city centre district in krasnoyarsk, 600 metres from krasnoyarsk state theatre of opera and ballet.
a garden with a terrace is surrounding the slatina hotel.
the property offers free parking.
situated in the very centre of kotor, apartments milena is just a couple of steps from the famous cathedral of st. tripun and near all important historic monuments.
located 12 km from budva, apartment family offers pet-friendly accommodation in petrovac na moru.
hidden away in the mountains of tehri, is atali ganga. situated 2 km away from byasi and 30 km from rishikesh, the property also offers an area specially created for kids who’d like to camp through the night.
set in the heart of puglia, it offers air-conditioned rooms with views of san domenico church.
a buffet breakfast is provided every morning in the breakfast room.
there is a dining/seating area and a kitchenette equipped with microwave.
come to aqua suites and enjoy memorable nights and days.
tastefully furnished, air-conditioned rooms come equipped with a tv with cable channels, a seating area and a minibar.
the self-catered apartments feature a modernly furnished living room with a flat-screen tv with cable channels. a seating area with a sofa is provided.
navona square and the pantheon can be reached respectively in 15 and 20 minutes on foot.
all have a seating area with a flat-screen tv, ipod docking station, and coffee maker.
edinburgh military tattoo is 3.3 km from capital apartments 49 elbe street, while royal mile is 3.4 km from the property.
nearby activities include swimming and snorkelling.
decorated with a refreshing theme of blue ocean, blue coast inn is located in sanya and offers cosy guestrooms. free wifi access is available throughout the entire property.
it has a free all-day coffee shop service and free wi-fi.
at kaleb pansion guests will find a mini market and a bar.
they include en suite facilities, a telephone and a balcony.
breakfast and free wifi are provided.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio.there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
there is also a ski school available at the hotel.
free private parking is available on site, while a parking spot in a private garage is available at an extra charge.
some rooms offer additional space.
relaxing balinese massages can be enjoyed in room.
vigo and its airport are a 25-minute drive from apartamentos angelito. the monte aloia nature reserve and the border with portugal are within a 30-minute drive.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
batumi international airport is 5 km away.
the house is 10 minutes' walking from city centre, shopping, bars and restaurants.
laundry and dry cleaning services are also provided upon request.
the sefton hotel also boasts a tranquil pool and a library where guests can relax with a drink or a book.
alternatively, guests can enjoy views of the harbour at mutiara terrace.
the property is 3.7 km from hikkaduwa coral reef and features views of the garden.
taxis stop right outside the hotel.
it offers free wi-fi and an on-site restaurant with bar.
the on-site restaurant serves a variety of greek and mediterranean dishes for lunch or dinner, while the bar offers a relaxing setting for a night drink.
free-to-use barbecue facilities are available.
the suite also has a seating area.
at hotel palatino you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the modern and soundproofed rooms at hotel do vale are fitted with a minibar.
a cold lunch and dinner options are also available, and can be enjoyed on the terrace.
simply decorated, each guest room is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a minibar and a cosy seating area.
the accommodation is provided with a hi-fi system/cd player, a dvd player, satellite-tv, a washing machine, a spa bath, a sauna, a seating area and a dining table.
appartements la marine - ladauge coeur océan offers self-catering apartments in the historic centre of la rochelle, 100 metres from quai louis durand.
free public parking is available.
some of the properties have a sofa and blu-ray players.
free guest parking is available.
it takes about a 15-minute drive from arwiga hotel to paris van java shopping centre and cihampelas walk mall. the iconic gedung sate town hall is reachable within a 10-minute drive, whilst getting to husein sastranegara international airport will take about 30 minutes by car.
the apartments comes with a kitchenette and a refrigerator.
with parquet flooring, each unit at carmen suites comes with a seating area, a washing machine and ironing facilities.
the hotel is just over 2 miles from east kilbride shopping centre and is less than 5 miles from hampden park, scotland’s national football stadium.
a typical italian breakfast buffet is served daily next door at hotel garden.
the property is located 1 km from lido centro train station, which offers links to the centre of rome.
there are a number of dinning options in ximenting.
the hotel offers a business centre, laundry and fax/photocopying services.
the nearest airport is al maktoum international airport, 21 km from two bedroom apartment - bahar 1.
you can choose from a continental breakfast or a full english breakfast at the best western hôtel continental.
breakfast is continental style, and can be enjoyed on the garden terrace in fine weather.
there is free parking and a shuttle is available to johannesburg, lanseria and pretoria airports.
located in sedona, arizona, this bed and breakfast features an outdoor pool and hot tub as well as an on-site tennis court.
casa vacanze marsala is a 20-minute drive from petrosino, while trapani is 30 km away.
guanajuato del bajio international airport is 30 km away.
offering self-catering apartments in sansepolcro historical centre, camere del borgo is housed in a 15th-century building.
arosa train station and the weisshorn cable car are 1.5 km away, and it is 30 km to chur.
located in san vito lo capo, this apartment features a balcony with sea views. the unit is 37 km from trapani.
the apartment will provide you with a living room and a tv. there is also a separate kitchen providing all cooking facilities. the bathroom comes with a bath.
the property offers free parking.
all the cottages are entirely non-smoking.
offering private rooms in a family apartment, this property is in stockholm’s kungsholmen district.
at 600 m is a fishing spot by the østre sømark water.
located on the edge of the cv-736 road, sueños del mar offers free onsite parking.
apartments feature a kitchenette with dining area and private bathroom with bath or shower.
the simply furnished rooms feature a tv and electric blankets.
stariy zamok offers free private parking on site.
in addition guests can visit the traditional portuguese restaurants located in the vicinity within 50 metres.
a supermarket, restaurants and a public bus stop can be found in kappl, and a swimming lake is 10 km away from the haus kerber.
a. zar international airport is located 66 km from the property.
parque de la 93’s trendy cafes and restaurants are just 3 blocks away.
it is a 6-minute walk from rybołówstwa museum.
the cherai bus station is 2 km away, alwaye railway station is 26 km while the cochin international airport is 28 km from nila home stay.
this parksville hotel is located on vancouver island, on parksville beach.
taman is 38 km from guest house bavaria, while vityazevo is 12 km from the property.
located 5 minutes’ walking from the ribeira district, in porto’s historical centre, vitoria apartments features modern accommodation within a restored historical building.
at wczasy od maluszka do staruszka you will find a garden with barbecuing facilities and a shared kitchen.
the large public kitchen has multiple refrigerators, ovens and stovetops.
the apartments feature light décor with splashes of bold colours and wooden floors.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
it is 9 km from ahmedabad airport and 30 km from the town of gandhinagar.
free parking space is available on site.
free parking is available in the garden
the fan-cooled 3-bedroom bungalow features living and dining areas and a private bathroom with shower facilities and toiletries.
front desk provides airport and city shuttle service at an extra charge.
a microwave and refrigerator are also provided in the guest rooms for added convenience.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and on-site shops.
yalta 2-bedroom apartment 301 offers accommodation in golden sands, 400 metres from golden sands centre and 2.3 km from aladzha monastery.
apartment twins is a self-catering accommodation located in zadar.
to maximize the gourmet experience in shanghai, guests may select from plenty of local dining options within walking distance.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
this chalet-style holiday home features mountain views and a private bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and bathrobes.
a stove oven is also available at the terrace, where guests can enjoy al fresco dining.
free wi-fi is provided.
a washing machine and tumble dryer are also included.
there is free shuttle service at the property.
guests can start their day with a continental breakfast, while having a coffee or pastry at the reception space is also possible.
set in gardens, el jócamo is a holiday home with 2 bedrooms.
it offers a peaceful garden and traditionally furnished studios and apartments with tyrrhenian sea views.
just 170 metres from the train station and within proximity to bus stops, the property is ideally located for visiting the côte d’azur. what is more, you can reach the port and beach by foot in just 5-10 minutes.
it is 3 km from girnar mountain.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove, refrigerator, electric kettle and kitchenware.
at complex europa l.g you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar.
situated within 500 metres from phsar leu market, sihanouk timeshare guesthouse operates a 24-hour front desk and features basic rooms with views of the city.
there is also a shared kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and refrigerator.
spa and leisure facilities are available for an extra charge.
hotel hot features free wifi throughout the property.
the ride takes about 15 minutes.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each rooms comes with air conditioning and heating facilities.
esquel airport is 14 km away.
the property offers free parking.
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
there is a 24-hour reception at the property.
gran sol looks onto the atlantic ocean in zahara de los atunes, andalucia.
offering free wi-fi throughout, hotel trieste is set 300 metres from the coast and its popular beaches. it features a gourmet restaurant, a swimming pool in the garden, and a small gym.
museumplein is a 12-minute walk.
they are all equipped with modern en suite facilities and feature free wi-fi internet access.
offering indoor and outdoor pools and a spa centre, belarus resort is located in krasnaya polyana in sochi. free wi-fi, billiards and table tennis are featured for guests.
restaurants can be found in the town centre, 15 minutes’ walk away.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
the centre of san marcello is 3 km from this property and you can reach the beach in 20 minutes by car. ancona is 34 km away.
melimelo hostel runs a 24-hour front desk and rents cars and bicycles.
certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
malaga airport is 34 km away.
some units have views of the pool or garden.
nice côte d'azur airport is 46 km from the property.
there is a supermarket within a 8-minute drive for guests who want to cook at home, and the area boasts a range of restaurants serving national and international cuisine.
the hotel also has a computer station which can be used for free. travel arrangements can be made and bicycles rented at the tour desk.
special diet menus are also offered upon request.
chicagoland speedway is 15 miles from this hotel.
rooms at annascaul house bed & breakfast are elegant in style, with smart wooden floors.
situated in a quiet street in the historic and lively san lorenzo district, stelle di san lorenzo offers free wi-fi throughout and modern rooms with fridge.
the meister bär hotel’s highlight is the beer garden with adventure playground and farmyard animals.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment 40 let oktyabrya.
with a pool, sunloungers and a bar, back door is just 100 metres from ba-001 highway access.
the family-run tango-pension has spacious rooms with colourful décor, a seating area, and a bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
free wifi access is available in the lobby.
day starts with a breakfast at asa club holiday resort.
located in the village of syvota, villas gregory is a complex of fully equipped units with hydromassage facilities and fireplace.
a bus with links to monreale stops 200 metres away.
10 km from quality dalecarlia is dalhalla, a former limestone quarry that is now home to a unique amphitheatre.
your morning breakfast is full of hot options, making breakfast at comfort inn the perfect way to start your day. enjoy our free hot breakfast featuring eggs, meat, yogurt and fresh fruit, cereal and more, including your choice of hot waffle flavors.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in every unit.
all units at the property are equipped with a clothes rack.
free private parking is available on site.
the guest house is 12.5 km from forte dos reis magos and 23.3 km from genipabu lagoon.
at a surcharge guests can have breakfast at meriton old town garden cafe which is located next door.
the nearest shops and the nearest restaurant are 1,3 km. away.
vladivostok city centre is 25 minutes’ drive from villa arte hotel, and vladivostok airport is 20 minutes’ ride by car away.
some units include a terrace and/or balcony.
the property offers free parking.
holiday inn express rocklin - galleria area provides a continental breakfast and a free newspaper every day.
guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
additional extras, such as on-site guest laundry facilities and free parking, ensure a comfortable stay.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player, as well as a cd player are provided.
with city views, air-conditioned studios here feature a cable tv, sofa and a kitchenette with a stove, minibar and microwave.
the apartments have a bathroom with shower or bath tub.
baza otdykha kapitan also includes a terrace.
this 2-bedroom suite has a private entrance via the garden, which includes garden furniture.
for meals, a fine selection of cuisine is offered at the on-site restaurant.
a private bathroom with a shower is included.
ascoli piceno is 46 km from sonia's apartments.
rooms at newton residence are air-conditioned and fitted with a flat-screen tv, wardrobe, desk and seating area.
the nearest airport is salzburg airport, 62 km from ferienhaus elisabeth.
from here, guests enjoy direct access to a private beach at the lake.
rooms at the diana majestic have a classic design with carpeted floors and large windows.
numerous napa valley wineries are within 16 km of this hotel.
some rooms feature a balcony.
the doubletree hotel at the entrance to universal orlando features all the amenities needed for an unforgettable stay.
free wi-fi access is provided and it has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
there is also a children's playground, a tennis court and a basketball court.
white river national forest is 80 miles away from red river inn.
some units feature a minibar.
it is equipped with free wi-fi and has a contemporary décor.
there is also a café-bar.
the hotel also has a 24-hour front desk.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
set 150 metres from the corvin plaza and a 5-minute walk from the corvin metro station on the m3 line, the self-catered parkside apartment budapest offers a ground-floor accommodation with a terrace.
featuring an outdoor pool and situated in the centre of joinville, slaviero slim joinville is close to the traditional rua das palmeiras and the immigration museum.
along with the pool, the princeton hampton inn has a fitness room for guest use, 24-hour front desk services and a business center.
spacious common areas include a games room and a large terrace.
a continental breakfast is served every morning, which can be taken in the dining room overlooking the park, or on the garden terrace.
free wifi access is available.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment yefremova 18.
it features a spa with an indoor pool and a sauna, and a restaurant serving traditional cuisine from abruzzo.
lovely flower gardens and olive trees surround this unique little resort.
sant carles de la ràpita is 30 km from refugi caro uec, while l'ametlla de mar is 40 km from the property.
simferopol train station is 63.8 km away, and simferopol international airport is 74 km from elling guest house.
accommodation will provide you with satellite tv and air conditioning.
towels and bed linen are provided.
there are also many cafés and restaurants near the hotel an der oper.
activities in the surrounding area include horse riding.
hotel sila is a classic chalet in the mountains of calabria, overlooking the scenery from camigliatello's main road.
guests can enjoy beach access and views from the balcony.
the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, an oven, a stovetop, an electric kettle and a coffee machine.
the madrid has a restaurant and café-bar.
the nearest airport is khabarovsk novy airport, 11 km from the property.
each room has a private bathroom, tv and free wifi.
carreiro house offers pet-friendly accommodation in ponta delgada.
the 2 children also get a free full breakfast when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast.
at a surcharge, guests can also have access to a sauna, and can enjoy massage services.
featuring a private balcony, studios and apartments at sunshine come with wooden furnishings and yellow details.
each 2-bedroom apartment has a living room with a sofa, tv and dvd player.
featuring a fireplace, apartments pirineus great mountain views.
various restaurants and supermarkets are within a 5-minute walk from the property.
royal crown features free wifi throughout the property.
other facilities at das reiners include a sun terrace and a lounge with table football and billiard facilities.
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area and tv. the bathroom has a shower.
it takes 20 minutes by car to tan san nhat international airport.
the air-conditioned rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors and japanese yukata robes for all guests.
the apartment is spacious and bright and features parqueted floors.
almada forum shopping center is 5 km from nesha sea flowers, while caparica coast is 200 metres away.
featuring free wifi and a spa centre, tiger nest resort offers accommodation in paro. the resort has a sauna and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
you can enjoy city view.
guests of hotel-restaurant du lac can enjoy traditional and seasonal cuisine served in the dining room.
mutiara’s air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a tv with in-house movies.
you can enjoy sea view.
a grocery shop is 100 metres away, while a shopping centre can be found at a distance of 1.5 km.
puducherry railway station and puducherry beach are within 500 metres of the property.
offering garden views, case renaioli is a holiday home located in manciano in the tuscany region. the saturnia thermal baths are a 20-minute drive away.
salzburg is 5 km from laschensky dependance, while berchtesgaden is 16 km away.
kalibo airport is a 2-hours drive away.
guests can cook in the kitchen, equipped with a fridge and electric kettle, or to eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
located in minsk, apartment on chervyakova 2-3 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the apartment is 1.2 km from national academic big opera and ballet theatre.
free private parking is available on site.
this 19th-century villa offers private parking, 3 meeting rooms, 2 lifts, an internet point and a business centre.
guests are welcome to use the sonneck’s sauna and fitness room.
svetlogorsk train station is an 8-minute walk, and kaliningrad airport is 40 km away.
the nearest airport is barcelona el prat airport, 24 km from the property.
hampton inn tomah rooms include a microwave and coffee maker. the rooms are equipped with ironing facilities.
there is a games room and a mini-market at the waterford comfort inn. dry cleaning services, laundry facilities, and free parking are included for guests’ convenience.
yaremche train station is 35 km away, and ivano-frankivsk airport is 87 km from the hotel.
each is equipped with a tv and hairdryer.
close to the hotel there is a bus stop providing quick access to burgas, nessebar, sunny beach and pomorie.
there is a restaurant with a terrace on site.
at mangroven river view you will find a garden, terrace and shared kitchen. other facilities like water sports facilities, a shared lounge and a games room are offered.
it boasts fine wines and spirits.
free parking spaces are available on site.
my fair is a few steps from lido di jesolo town centre.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a minibar, an electric kettle and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
public bus stop is located just by the property.
the shopping street of corso buenos aires is 700 metres from echo starhotels. milano centrale metro and train station links you with rho fiera exhibition centre, 15.3 km away, and malpensa airport.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the hotel is within 3 km from the iconic red fort, ancient jama masjid and the beautiful birla temple.
in the evening, it offers turkish cuisine while guests can enjoy watching the hustle and bustle of the hotel lobby from the mezzanine.
a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a dining area with a dining table are offered in all rooms at hotel fuhrmann ji-paraná.
the property’s restaurant specialises in classic italian cuisine and local wines.
located along min'an street, oak hostel offers cosy and affordable accommodation.
guests benefit from patio.
featuring a relaxing ambience, each room at siena hotel comes with an lcd tv with pay-per-view channels, a fridge and a telephone.
free public parking is possible on site.
room service and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request.
the beauty of bali can be explored with the car rental or area shuttles offered.
offering a restaurant, hotel country comfort is located in ella, a 5-minute walk from from the ella railway station and ella town.
most rooms feature a balcony or terrace.
it is about a 15-minute drive from hangzhou railway station.
barbecuing is possible on spot and there are also bicycle and ski storage rooms available at the schink bauernhof.
guests looking to explore the area can zipline through ocean ranch park (6.3 km) or watch the waves at jaco beach (7.6 km).
free laundry facilities and free parking are also provided.
room 192/183@pvpb is less than a 5-minute walk from jungceylon shopping mall and bangla boxing stadium.
with good food and refurbished rooms, rosslea hall hotel sits in beautiful landscaped gardens overlooking the firth of clyde.
cagliari is a 25-minute drive away.
breakfast is offered daily.
the sonnenstern is ideal for exploring the hiking and cycling routes of the nationalpark berchtesgaden reserve.
it offers free lobby wi-fi and a restaurant serving international cuisine plus trentino specialities.
you can prepare your meals in the privacy of your own fully equipped kitchen with an oven, a fridge and a dishwasher.
this apartment has a kitchenette, bathroom, bedroom, lounge area and garden with outdoor furniture.
guests benefit from a 24-hour reception.
popular attractions in göttingen include the städtisches museum göttingen (town museum) and the deutsches theater (theatre).
there is also a fitness centre.
for guests’ convenience, the hotel provides room service, currency exchange and a 24-hour front desk.
rooms have both air conditioning and a fan.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
free wifi is available, together with free private parking.
laundry and dry cleaning services are offered at jingshan garden hotel. the business centre provides fax and photocopying facilities.
the nearest airport is gold coast airport, 19 km from the property.
leisure facilities at the springiersbacher include a modern sauna. these can be used on request.
guest rooms at the logis hotel au relais aspois are simply decorated.
located 500 metres from church of the savior on spilled blood in saint petersburg, this apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 700 metres from palace square.
it also includes a fireplace, ironing facilities and a private bathroom with bath and shower.
for dining out, a wide variety of restaurant options are within a 10-minute walk.
guests can take a walk to the area of plaka offering cafés, restaurants, and bars, or head to the popular flea market at monastiraki.
viareggio and the sea are about a 20-minute drive away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit.
there is a variety of typical spanish restaurants within a 10-minute drive from apartamentos clavería.
the rooms feature a tv and a private balcony overlooking the hotel's gardens.
laundry facilities are provided on site and the hotel can arrange overnight camel trips across the sand dunes.
the châteaudun opera is located in the heart of paris, between the well-known sacré-coeur basilica and opéra garnier.
the apartment is 800 metres from ustka promenade.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries, towels and bed linen.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 17 km from the apartment.
lake pichhola is 4.1 km from singhi villa guest house, while city palace of udaipur is 5 km away.
the beach is just 70 metres away.
it features an outdoor seasonal swimming pool with sun loungers.
sunset inn b&b is a 5-minute drive from hakuba 47 ski resort, where property's free shuttle service is provided to and from.
state russian museum is 10 km from apartment murano, while hermitage museum is 11 km away.
running tracks and walking paths are within 300 metres.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
with award-winning full english breakfasts, free wi-fi, and free parking, the property is just a short walk from the beach.
they are 1.5 km from trier main station, 3 km from the university of trier and 50 km from frankfurt hahn airport.
a sweet italian-style breakfast of hot drinks and pastries is provided daily at a nearby cafè.
the sun loungers by the pool are perfect for relaxation. guests can also play table tennis and darts.
wi-fi is free.
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
the air-conditioned rooms at super 8 san francisco airport west are furnished with microwaves and cable tvs. for added convenience a coffee maker, hairdryer and ironing facilities are provided.
also featured is an international buffet restaurant.
offering a restaurant, royal suites is located in sakakah.
located on a lake popular with anglers and surrounded by the greenery, holiday complex šilaičiai offers accommodation with a sauna on the shore and a private parking.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out beurs van berlage (300 metres) and anne frank house (600 metres).schiphol airport is located 11 km away.
it provides rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv. a small sauna is featured on site and can be used by all guests.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing and hiking.
garage parking is available on site.
plaza de espana is 3.9 km from apartamento beli, while tivoli world is 1.3 km away.
parking is free of charge.
at soul hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the kitchen area is fully equipped with the necessary kitchen utensils and appliances for indoor cooking.
free wi-fi is available in the entire hotel.
the hotel provides laundry, currency exchange and airport shuttle services.
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 4 km away.
some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the hotel provides currency exchange and ticketing services, while travel bookings can be made at the tour desk.
free wi-fi is available in the lobby.
featuring air conditioning, na krymskoy apartment is set in sochi, 5 km from rivyera park. green theatre is 5 km from the property.
the restaurant offers regional cuisine.
meir shopping district is 600 metres away.
free wi-fi is available in all guest rooms at the hyatt place salt lake city airport.
grand hotel is a 5-minute walk from dubai’s gold souk, deira’s corniche, and the open-air sapkha market.
at paraíso del pescador you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar.
this holiday home boasts a terrace and bbq facilities.
villa pelena offers pet-friendly accommodation in weligama.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured.
breakfast is provided in the room every morning.
it offers cosy rooms with a computer and free internet access. on-site parking is free.
aquapark batumi is 300 metres away.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 14 km from the property.
the kitchen includes an oven, microwave and refrigerator.
the santa ursula shopping centre is a 10-minute drive away and the ribeirão preto bus station is 800 metres away.
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
samui airport is 6 km from the property.
accommodation has free wi-fi, a satellite tv, and air conditioning.
sanjeev apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in pereybere, 2.4 km from grand baie and 40 km from flic-en-flac. the property boasts views of the pool is 7 km from trou aux biches.
the family bathroom offers a spa bath.
apartment on troitskaya ploshad is an apartment situated in saint petersburg, 1.6 km from church of the savior on spilled blood. the property is 1.8 km from hermitage museum and free private parking is featured.
the westküstenpark animal park is just a 5-minute drive from the ellerbrock.
auberge bienvenue is within easy access of the town’s roman ruins and les chemins de la rose park.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
the property offers views of the surrounding mountains and desert.
guests of pension neumayr can use a sauna, infrared cabin and sun terrace with deckchairs free of charge.
kvartiras minsk apartments are a self-catering accommodation located in the centre of minsk, within a 5-minute walk of nemiga metro station.
washington country club is 5 km away.
feel at home in the large, stylish, air conditioned guest houses or self-catering apartments with furnishings that are adaptable to your needs.
the restaurant serves european and russian cuisine.
arezzo is a 30-minute drive from villa coloniale, while cortona is 40 km away.
non-smoking rooms are provided upon request.
the opera theatre is 450 metres away.
yatai rainforest resort hotel wuzhishan is a 20-minute drive from huaxia drifting, 40-minute drive from downtown area.
caretta resort is located in toroni, 39 km from ouranoupoli and 25 km from vourvourou.
excellent cuisine is served at the restaurant which seats up to 850 people.
towels and bed linen are provided.
the house offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
the coffee shop serves indonesian dishes at the hotel.
each has internet access and some have views over the city.
located a 2-minute walk from marata kazeya park in minsk, ts apartment features free wifi.
the historic centre is a few steps from le farfalle affittacamere, while portovenere is 13 km from this property.
featuring a terrace overlooking the surrounding area, la selva offers an a la carte restaurant and a guest lounge area. the property is located 4 km from cava de’ tirreni.
metro station centrum is 600 metres away.
look forward to relaxing walks and bicycle excursions in the woodlands at your doorstep.
elaf al modn hotel apartments is located in riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation.
nazaire is a 4-minute drive and golf club de carcassonne a 9-minute drive away.
cool feel rest is a guesthouse offering cosy rooms with a private bathroom.
it includes many benefits and discounts on activities in the region.
shwedagon pagoda is 4.1 km from t venus, while sule pagoda is 7 km from the property.
there is a double room and a twin room.
stirling youth hostel provides 4-star accommodation in the historic quarter of stirling, situated next to the victorian old town jail.
this self-catering accommodation offers a seating area with a fireplace, sofa and a tv. there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and dishwasher.
a flat-screen tv and minibar is provided, and some rooms have views of st blasien abbey.
boasting a restaurant and bar with 30th floor views and 5 total dining choices, grand court nagoya is a 1-minute walk from kanayama station.
an in-house chef is available to prepare western or asian dishes for lunch or dinner upon request.
ski centre levočská dolina can be reached within 20 km.
nearby attractions include grundig stadion (1.7 km) and meistersingerhalle congress & event hall (2.3 km).
the en suite bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the apartment is fitted with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning/heating facilities, as well as a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, kitchenware and a refrigerator, and a private bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it offers free parking and 2 rooms, which both have patio doors that open onto the garden.
saint tropez kit net is located in arraial do cabo, only 200 metres from praia do forno beach, and includes free wifi.
guests can also store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience.
a free shuttle service to the rigi cable car is provided by the hotel.
the studios also include a dining table, seating area, and an equipped kitchenette with tea and coffee-making facilities.
bread will provided daily by the baker.
arena corinthians stadium is 36 km away.
there is also a barbeque at your disposal.
accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv and cable channels.
at hotel winner inn you will find a 24-hour front desk. other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and dry cleaning. the property offers free parking.
a sauna and a hot tub are available at a surcharge.
guests can catch boats to the surrounding islands solta, brac, hvar and drvenik 4 times a day from the docks 100 metres away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the private bathrooms both comes with a shower.
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
barbecue facilities are provided on the terrace and restaurants can be reached in 1 km.
surrounded with greenery in a quiet settlement of kerestinec, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace. the unit is 16 km from the centre of zagreb. free private parking is available on site.
all accommodation units are individually decorated in romantic-style.
the one-bedroom accommodation will provide you with open plan kitchen and living room featuring a tv, a cd player.
free private parking is available at klieber - urlaub am biobauernhof.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
ironing facilities or hairdryers are available upon request.
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
bolshoi theatre is 3.1 km from apartment on novolesnya, while state historical museum is 3.5 km from the property.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
maastricht-aachen airport is 35 km away.
featuring a shower, the attached bathroom includes free toiletries and bath towels.
all studios and apartments comprise an outdoor seating area, tv, kitchenette with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower.
the unesco-protected walls offer beautiful views of the town's rooftops, while trips to the nearby islands are also organised in the centre.
holiday home stendyssevej henne xii is located in henne.
breakfast, lunch and dinner are served as an open buffet at the hotel.
mavi apart is a self-catering accommodation located in atasehir.
the property would like to offer car rental service for guests who love to explore surroundings on their own.
the apartments are located in the historic centre of florence, around 500 metres from the cathedral.
some units feature a terrace and/or patio with mountain or garden views.
located in furore, 8 km from amalfi, il mulino offers free wi-fi, a garden and air-conditioned rooms with views of the mediterranean sea.
the b&b staff will help arrange area activities, such as canoeing, boating and fishing on lake magelungen.
one apartment is located in the attic.
if you feel like visiting surroundings, check out state theatre reachable within 50 metres, steel arena is 900 metres from apartment košice - private in the center, while spolocensky pavilon is 3 km away.
featuring an outdoor pool, residence galati is situated on a hilltop overlooking the sea. located 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of capo d'orlando, it offers self-catering apartments with air conditioning.
extras include a washing machine and tumble dryer at velocity downtown condo.
surrounded by tropical gardens, hotel merdeka kediri enjoys a convenient location in the central business district.
the property offers free parking.
offering spa facilities, an idyllic terrace, and classical-style rooms with flat-screen tv, this 4-star-superior hotel stands in neustrelitz in the mecklenburg lake district.
appartamenti le ginestre e gli oleandri offers apartments in different locations in sos alinos.
a coin-operated launderette and bicycle rentals are available for guests.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
cappuccino and espresso are made to order at the bar while you help yourself to a variety of sweet and savoury foods.
designed for adults only, this love hotel is situated in sakai, 12 km from osaka.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
xianghu tourist resort is a 15-minute drive away.
a toaster is also available, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
les tilleuls sits in the heart of hasparren, 20 minutes from the basque coast.
the bed and breakfast is 700 metres from saadian tombs, 700 metres from moulay el yazid mosque and 900 metres from djemaa el fna.
the st. stephen's basilica and the chain bridge are within a distance of 800 metres.
this air-conditioned apartment has a spacious fully equipped kitchen with a breakfast bar and a dining setting.
all accommodation at al jabal castle boasts a simple décor with carpeted floors. each room comes with a satellite tv, a wardrobe and a private bathroom.
five star b&b amsterdam is a 15-minute walk from amsterdam central train station and can also be reached within 3 minutes by taking tram 26.
quintal do castelo offers the peace and quietness of the countryside and proximity to historical places like the silves castle which is 500 metres away.
modern air-conditioned rooms are fitted with a writing desk and a flat-screen tv.
the apartments feature a balcony, sofa, washing machine, ironing facilities and hairdryer.
the property features simply decorated dormitory rooms. guests can use a shared bathroom.
nicosia city is 160 km away.
it includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino, sweet pastries and home-made cakes.
this pacific grove bed and breakfast is located on monterey bay, just steps from the monterey bay recreational trail.
akorn and squirrel pension is a 10-minute drive from local dining outlets and a 5-minute drive from bomun lake.
guimarães is 30 km away, and peneda-gerês national park is within 25 km.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a minibar, tea/coffee making facilities and a flat-screen tv.
at hotel canada palace you will find meeting facilities and laundry facilities.
the property offers free parking.
the property offers free parking.
casa mila is around 5 km from the historic centre of palermo.
the area offers plenty of various activities, including snorkeling, diving or kite surfing.
guests can relax on the sofa or on the terrace with a garden.
free wifi access is available.
they offer views of the abbey or the pedestrianized area.
they all include a living area and come with a satellite lcd tv, dvd player and mini fridge.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
spacious apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances and granite countertops.
guests sleep on japanese futon bedding placed on a raised tatami (woven-straw) platform.
you can reach the ferry service to the mainland within a 20 to 30-minute car ride.
guests of the lighthouse inn kuala lumpur can store their luggage at the inn’s 24-hour front desk.
a shuttle service is provided upon request and at extra charge.
lake bohinj is 3.8 km away.
bright and spacious, air-conditioned rooms all come with a cable tv and a private balcony.
at breakfast, you can enjoy a rich buffet that includes italian coffee, freshly baked croissants and local products.
regional food can also be served in the evening.
each unit provides a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a minibar.
the hotel is a 4-minute walk from the bus terminal and a 3-minute walk from the main square.
located in the historical part of la ciotat, appartement vieux port la ciotat offers a self-catering studio and apartment, both with with a living area and washing machine.
holiday homes will provide you with a seating area complete with a tv. the kitchenette is equipped and there are outdoor dining areas.
the sporthotel's restaurant serves typical alpine specialities and italian cuisine.
each unit includes a ski deposit.
while the resort does not house a restaurant, guests check out chez carole restaurant just 100 metres down the road.
a free public transport card for geneva is available and a discount for the red cross museum and the shop on site, selling swiss army knifes and watches, is offered.
from suite prado you can easily stroll to many of the top city sights.
the rooms will provide you with a balcony, mountain views and a seating area. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
the property offers free covered parking for convenience.
bungalow samui ocean view offers free wifi access in all areas.
the nearest airport is sarasota bradenton airport, 48 km from warm mineral springs motel.
this family-owned guest house is located 2 km from popular fuseta beach. the green areas of the ria formosa natural park are within a 4-minute drive of the bela alexandra guest house.
free wifi access is available.
studio apraksin offers pet-friendly accommodation in saint petersburg. saint isaac's cathedral is 1.4 km away.
rooms at mamma cusco hostel feature a seating area and a private bathroom.
the apartment has 1 double bedroom, 1 twin bedroom and 1 bedroom with bunk beds.
the family-run schlappinger hof, is situated in an easily accessible yet peaceful location by the market place in reisbach, not far from the motorway.
they include a bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
the centre of sanxenxo is 10 minutes’ drive and pontevedra is 35 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
private parking is available on site.
the dc gallery place apartments has a 24-hour front desk.
brightly lit, air-conditioned rooms in harlys residence come equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, desk and a wardrobe.
the apartment features a tv, air conditioning and a balcony with a sea view and lake view.
this four-bedroom home can accommodate up to 8 people.
offering panoramic views over tenerife’s playa de las américas, these modern apartments with spa baths are 10 minutes’ drive from the resort.
featuring bright wooden furniture and floors, each apartment at the waldmendingerhorn ferienwohnungen includes a kitchen or kitchenette with a dining area, cable tv, and a bathroom.
the open-air treehouse restaurant offers forest and river views, and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
strážné bus stop is a 2-minute walk away, and it is 15 km to špindlerův mlýn.
rooms at the conde güell come with a fan and heating. they include a tv, and guests can use the communal microwave.
bed linen is provided.
l'auberge de la vallée des peintres is a charming hotel located between granville and avranches, 30 minutes from the mont saint michel and a 2-minute drive from carolles beach.
the nearest airport is santorini (thira) airport, 3 km from the property.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv, a minibar, and a work desk.
the centrally heated rooms also have their own bathroom.
the bathroom is shared, equipped with slippers and a standing shower.
free parking facilities are offered to those who drive and an atm machine is available on-site.
free private parking is available on site.
the new delhi railway station is 3 km.
featuring free wi-fi in all areas, the hotel is surrounded with shopping and business areas.
this stylish hotel is set 100 metres from the beach in peñiscola and offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace.
enjoy our free hot breakfast featuring eggs, meat, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereal and more, including your choice of hot waffle flavors!
with 2 or 3 bedrooms, each house is soundproofed and includes a living room with a flat-screen tv.
it offers soundproofed bedrooms with satellite tv. the hotel features a modern architecture with its marble, granite, stone and wood exteriors.
army historic museum and fort of copacabana is 2 km from the property, while botafogo beach is 2.5 km.
providing in-room breakfast and massage upon request, the villa features an outdoor pool and free wi-fi throughout the building.
the classically decorated rooms at logos are bright and feature light, pastel colours and a complimentary bottle of water.
each guestroom is equipped with a cable tv and a closet.
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room.
check-in takes place at gardenia's reception or at a nearby partner property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
located in the busy dotonbori district, the entirely non-smoking guest house la kongo features affordable accommodations with a private bathroom.
you can also spend some relaxing time in the bar while enjoying drinks.
located only 600 metres from rio de janeiro’s copacabana beach, mascarenhas 99 apartment is a self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
lisbon international airport is a 78-minute drive away.
these stylish apartments have attractive design.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
there is a grocery store in the building where the apartment is located.
tribhuvan international airport is a 15-minute drive away.
hotel monte alban is located right in the historic centre of oaxaca, 100 metres away from the cathedral.
the restaurant offers local new zealand cuisine, and features a cooking station with over 20 different ingredients for the chef to cook a custom meal.
along the coast guests will find plenty of hidden beaches like the são lourenço beach and castelo beach.
samui airport is 18 km away.
other facilities at baan thew lom cha am 339/570 include a fitness centre.
there is a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
los angeles international airport is 12 km from the property.
the private bathrooms feature a bath or shower and free toiletries.
offering free wifi access, apartment vienna is located 650 metres from the margaretengürtel metro stop (line u4). the raimund theatre is 1 km away.
the inn is 7 km from salt lake, 7.3 km from marble palace, 3.8 km from dumdum metro station and 8 km from m g road metro station.
san marino can be reached by car in just 30 minutes.
each morning, a light continental breakfast is served in the residencial’s breakfast room.
turin airport is located 13 km away.
the rooms are decorated in rustic style and come with a tv and fan.
there is a bus stop, with connection to valencia’s historic centre and la malvarrosa beach, 150 metres from the apartment.
dulcinea is 7 km from azul bus terminal and 45 km from olavarría city.
the homestay also offers bike hire.
all have a fridge, microwave and tea/coffee maker, as well as a laptop-sized safe.
the kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave.
this motel has a 24-hour reception.
szklarska poręba is 18 km from hotel britz, while świeradów-zdrój is 21 km away.
for other meals, guests can benefit from a discount at nearby restaurants.
the air conditioned apartment comes with a private entrance and offers a terrace with an outdoor dining area, a living room with a kitchenette, and a private bathroom.
bed linen and towels are provided.
this hillside property features free wi-fi and offers a range of outdoor activities.
it is located 8 miles from the kemah boardwalk.
the hotel is situated 23 km from gocek and 40 km from dalyan.
kefalonia airport is at 10 km.
free parking is available.
casa vacanza il cedro is located on the seafront in marina di ragusa.
guests can try greek specialities and seafood at the hotel’s restaurant just a 2-minute walk from the property.
ballyshannon is ireland’s oldest town, founded in 1613, and all of its central shops and leisure centre can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
the property’s restaurant is also available.
gervasoni walk is 200 metres from eco-ruka, while dimalow walk is 200 metres from the property.
the apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette, sofa bed in the living area.
it is located in the dubovica area of budva, about 700 metres from town centre and 1 km from the sandy slovenska beach.
a business center and laundry facilities are on site.
it has a modern décor and free wifi throughout.
free wi-fi access is available.
located on the blue lagoon strip in port antonio, this oceanfront self-catering accommodation boasts panoramic sea views.
the private bathroom comes with bathrobes, scales and a hairdryer.
kissimmee is 24 km from hillcrest villa in davenport hd618, while lakeland is 37 km away.
a sweet italian breakfast is served at your table in the café lounge. savoury produce can be prepared upon request.
you will be right in front of montepulciano's tourist office, and the museo civico museum, with works of art from the renaissance.
the property offers free parking.
close to the motorway, the dolci colli offers free parking and great road links.
each bright room chiswick court hotel offers a tv and a private bathroom.
a launderette and free parking are offered as well.
this beautiful resort offers 2 outdoor pools, a spa and free wi-fi.
local cuisine is served at the on-site restaurant.
it is located 33 km from perpignan train station and 25 km from perpignan airport.
mariquita airport is 53 km away.
the most significant aspect of jormand hotel apartment sharjah is its strategic location on immigration road, making it the perfect choice for business as well as leisure travellers.
extras include air conditioning. a washing machine and a tumble dryer are included for added convenience.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing and windsurfing.
ever room includes a tv, a refrigerator and a private bathroom.
this historic townhouse offers bed-and-breakfast rooms and self-catered apartments with flat-screen tv and free wifi in the centre of antwerp. rosier 10 features a courtyard and is just over a 10-minute from the mas museum.
car rental and shuttle bus services are available at a fee.
the area is popular for skiing and golfing.
it offers a fresh water infinity pool, pampering spa services and a beachside restaurant.
free wifi access is available.
free parking is available on site.
located within 10 minutes' walk from premier shopping at the houston galleria, this modern boutique hotel features free wifi and a full dining experience at the on-site bar and restaurant, revolve kitchen + bar.
honolulu airport is located 12 km away.
business guests will find here a meeting room with a capacity of up to 70 persons, equipped with a 55" tv screen, microphone, speakers, multimedia projector and screen, laptop and paper materials.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv.
homemade fudge is placed in every room.
dubrovnik airport is 23 km away and shuttle can be arranged at a surcharge.
with free wi-fi, rooms at il cantar have tiled floors.
further facilities include baggabe storage and laundry service.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out minceta tower (12 km) and onofrio's fountain (12 km).dubrovnik airport is located 32 km away.
buff musical and drama theatre is opposite the hotel, and alexander nevsky lavra is a 20-minute walk away.
offering a terrace and views of the sea, maison oasis is situated in anse aux pins, 5 km from mahe.
rooms feature free wi-fi and flat-screen tvs.
free wi-fi access is available in the public areas, guests can enjoy the on-site garden and there is also a washing machine.
the hotel is equipped with a business centre, meeting facilities and a tour desk.
luoyang railway station is located 1 hour 10 minutes' drive away, while luoyang east railway station can be reached in 1 hour 15 minutes' taxi ride.
other facilities offered include a 24-hour front desk and a furnished deck.
al convento is 12 km from la spezia centre.
upon previous request, guests can request breakfast every morning in the dining room.
it features an outdoor pool and free parking nearby.
the accommodation is equipped with a satellite flat-screen tv. there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven. a stovetop, a refrigerator and kettle are also featured.
breakfast is provided daily.
the rooms at carlton hotel feature a marble spa bath.
nonna filomena is 1 km from the adriatic sea. barletta, bisceglie and the exit trani of the a14 motorway are all a 10-minute drive away.
free parking is available on site at the hotel strengliner mühle.
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site.
museum of ceramic art is 400 metres from studio folitsa, while kolla square is 400 metres away.
guests can slowly unwind in a public hot spring bath indoors or under the open sky.
guests have access to a fully equipped kitchen and a dining room. they can also enjoy barbecuing in the garden and eat their meal in the arbour.
a hairdryer and an iron can be provided upon request.
the property offers free parking.
a supermarket, shops, bars and restaurants are 1.8 km away in son bou.
the well-lit work desks include an ergonomic chair.
a continental breakfast is served every morning. it includes a hot and cold drinks and pastries.
guests can enjoy mountain view and pool view from all the rooms.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
just a 3-minute walk from the beach in the coastal area of kambos, on the island of patmos, filio apartments offers self-catering accommodation featuring a large garden.
albuquerque airport courtyard is 2.2 miles from the university of new mexico.
breakfast includes sweet croissants and pastries with hot drinks.
the bright, air-conditioned rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style décor. each room includes a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
salgado filho international airport is located 12 km from the accommodation.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing.
all studios at mandaniki are air-conditioned. they come with a tv and include a kitchenette with fridge.
you will find room service at the property.
cicada market hua hin is 2.7 km away.
spend an enjoyable holiday at stoffels, where you will be spoiled with the excellent cuisine - the stoffel's restaurant is ranked under the top 10 bratkartoffel (roast potato) restaurants in germany.
with a patio, all the apartments will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a kitchenette with a microwave.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
guests can relax in a garden or on a terrace and make use of a kitchen for shared use.
set in yoshkar-ola, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi and a balcony.
you can enjoy mountain and garden view.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
located 1.2 km from the centre of sainte-maxime and the beach, villa romuald offers an outdoor pool and a garden set in a 1600 m2 estate.
tiptop hotel, resto and delishop has an outdoor pool, restaurant and rooms and suites with free wifi for guests.
free wifi is offered .
the hotel is 3 km from durazno zoo.
many cafés and restaurants are less than a 15-minute walk away.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with an oven, microwave and toaster. a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine.
this country house has a garden with outdoor pool and private parking.
just 15 minutes from hurghada airport, sindbad club includes a water park and a full spa.
hotel rössle offers a traditional-style lounge and a spacious sun terrace.
adria hotel is family-run, with friendly staff.
les halles shopping centre is 1.4 km away.
the city of exeter is just 15 minutes’ drive away.
bathrooms include free toiletries.
complimentary coffee, tea and biscuits are offered in the shared kitchen. there is also a shared lounge, where you can play several board games, and there is also a playstation.
the nearest airport is lombok international airport, 38 km from selasar hostel.
the property offers free parking.
it is situated less than 10 km from santa rosa de cabal.
free wifi is offered .
guests can also rent bicycles and watersports facilities and use a sauna at extra charge.
la ferme de l'hoste offers simply-furnished rooms in a tranquil green setting, on the edge of wavre in the belgian ardennes.
it also offers a sauna and a hot tub.
offering a year-round outdoor pool, mandinari river lodge is located in mandinari village within the tambi wetlands nature reserve.
the villa has 6 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, equipped with a bath, a bath or shower and a hair dryer.
on request, happy b&b's shuttle will also take you to milan malpensa and linate airports, both a 30-minute drive away.
in búzios centre, pousada das américas is located 300 metres from canto beach and the lively bars and restaurants of rua das pedras street.
formia-gaeta train station is a 7-minute walk away.
decorated with luxurious beddings and modern furnishings, rooms are uniquely styled and air conditioned.
tennis courts and different water sports facilities can also be found there.
ermoupolis, the main town and port of syros is 11 km away. galissas beach is at approximately 1.5 km. syros national airport is within 10 km.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
located in lisbon, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from terrace.
all of the rooms have a private bathroom, heating and a cable tv. they also have free wi-fi, and all rooms have tiled floors.
this family-run accommodation is a 12-minute drive from the baltic sea coast.
breakfast can be served here as well.
the apartments include an open-plan living area with a sofa bed and a kitchen including a stove, oven, and a large counter.
offering lovely views from its balcony, each unit is fitted with marble flooring and comes with a work desk and a seating area with a sofa.
select rooms include relaxing spa baths and kitchenettes.
air-conditioned apartments at park house hotel suite feature a dining area and a living room with a flat-screen satellite tv.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
santa vila hospedagem features barbecue facilities.
perfect apartments in the heart of the old town offers accommodation in different locations within the vilnius oid town, by the town hall square or close to the cathedral square.
it offers smart rooms with free wi-fi and a free breakfast.
this timber-framed hotel is situated in the immediate vicinity of celle’s pedestrian area and old quarter, only 500 metres from the historic town hall.
the private bathroom includes a spa bath.
guests can enjoy sea and river views from all the rooms.
located in simferopol city centre within a walking distance to different sights, prostye veshchi hotel offers free wifi .
gazipasa airport is 6 km from the hotel.
guests wishing to take in the picturesque scenery surrounding the landhaus plendl can enjoy a walk or rent a bike for free.
free private parking is available on site.
vista blu resort is 3.5 km from the centre of alghero and from the beach.
all are equipped with en suite bathrooms, carpeted floors and cable tv.
the on-site bar is ideal for sampling a variety of alcoholic and soft drinks.
ambergris lake villas offers on-site bbq facilities.
the rotorua regional airport is about an hour's drive from the hotel.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out cadwell park (5.7 km).
guests can enjoy city view from all the rooms.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are offered.
set in saint petersburg, this apartment is 200 metres from church of the savior on spilled blood. the property boasts views of the river and is 300 metres from state russian museum.
studios and apartments at the azzurro feature a kitchenette, seating/dining area and private bathroom.
the eisriesenwelt ice caves can be reached in a 20-minute drive.
in-room breakfast can be enjoyed at calla’s palace jasper.
apartment novosibirsk features views of the city and is 3.3 km from novosibirsk state circus.
there is also a 24-hour café-bar and a small supermarket on site.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
shopping is 3.8 km away at place fleur de lys.
this hotel is set in a quiet area of khust, 2 km from the khust castle. free wi-fi, free parking, a children’s playground and a 24-hour reception are featured at hotel premiera.
on request, guests at villa olivia can enjoy an italian or american breakfast, including a typical genoan focaccia.
comillas and oyambre nature reserve are within 15 minutes’ drive away.
myrtle beach city centre is 3 miles away.
anh nhung guesthouse features free wifi throughout the property.
restaurants and eateries are available within a 5-minute drive from the house.
it is located on the main road connecting ljubljana and rijeka.
guests can also sample classic tunisian dishes in the dining area.
bergbahnen ski lifts are 800 metres from the guest house.
vashdom apartment on moskovskaya will provide you with a flat-screen tv, cable channels and a balcony.
drinks are served in the lounge with rattan chairs.
the city centre of piestany with several type of restaurants is 200 metres from the hotel, while the bus and train station is 2.5 km away.
park named after anna akhmatova is within a 5-minute walk of the property.
free wifi access is available.
boat trips to the famous blue cave on biševo island can be arranged.
surrounded by nature, can tolo boasts an outdoor pool, garden and a large furnished terrace with barbecue facilities.
free parking space is available on site.
simply styled, they provide bed linens and bath towels.
attractions near the johanniskreuz include the burgruine wilenstein castle ruins, just a 10-minute drive away.
most units open to a furnished balcony.
located in tukums in the zemgale region, 46 km from jūrmala, guest house saulgrieži boasts a sauna and indoor pool.
guests can sample a drink at the bar on site.
marcan beach hotel is less than a 15-minute walk from the blue lagoon.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge, individual lockers and a tour desk.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, kabalana house by ceilao villas is a villa, located in ahangama.
linyi north railway station is located a 30-minute drive away.
ski lift is 2 km away.
grand bimasena is a 15-minute walk to kuta beach and a 15-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport.
featuring barbecue facilities, apartamentos rurales en plean sierra is located in la calera, on the alia mountain range.
the commercial centre of larnaca city is around a 20-minute walk away.
buses to bolzano and san martino ski slopes stop a 5-minute walk away.
bathroom facilities are shared or private.
anggrek restaurant serves european dishes and award-winning indonesian cuisine.
an all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast is available each morning and includes scrambled, fried, poached or boiled eggs, and pork or vegetarian sausages. there is also a wide continental selection.
prince mohammad bin abdul aziz airport is within a 15-minute drive away from golden tulip al mektan.
pula airport is located 6 km away and a pick-up service is available upon request.
the nearest airport is tivat airport, 16 km from the property.
the restaurant serves international cuisine, including vegetarian and gluten-free options.
this family-run hotel is located in the heidingsfeld district, a 5-minute drive from the centre of würzburg.
all apartments come with a terrace and satellite tv, as well as an equipped kitchen with a dining area.
only a 10-minute walk from bellas artes metro station, parlamento offers rooms with cable tv in central santiago.
sited 4 miles from will rogers downs, this claremore, oklahoma hotel has a continental breakfast and a 24-hour front desk to serve guests any time.
casazen is located 2.6 km from taipu de fora beach.
the fully equipped kitchen includes an oven, stovetop, microwave and dishwasher.
some room also have a balcony.
there is a river trail on the property, where lure and fly fishing can be practiced.
there is an ipod docking station, a washing machine and clothes dryer at the chalet.
special diet menus are available upon request.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 67 km from villa wild lime.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
the guest house also offers car hire.
the home is fully equipped.
the villa houses a private outdoor swimming pool nestled within the tropical greenery.
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
a 24-hour reception is provided to guests of inn classic.
the spacious, self-catering lodges feature a fully equipped kitchen, a dining area, a lounge, and a furnished veranda.
cottages at camping tornio have wooden interiors and access to shared bathroom facilities.
at home stay matara by wanyo you will find a garden.
guests can relax on their balcony or while sunbathing by the pool.
queenslane apartment offers free wi-fi and 2 balconies.
barmstedt town centre is only 500 metres from hotel restaurant seegarten.
são roque do pico is 20 km away from the alojamento and has boat links to faial island.
zadar airport is located 21 km away.
the lower floor of the apartment features a living room with a folded sofa, a balcony and a kitchenette with a dining area, a stove and oven and an electric kettle.
the property offers free private parking.
free private parking is available at apartments arlberglife. st.
hôtel madeleine haussmann is located 550 metres from saint lazare train station.
piazza navona is a 3-minute walk away.
rooms have a private bathroom.
the guest house offers a shared kitchen, where guests can prepare meals.
pashupatinath temple is 500 metres away while tribhuvan international airport and the buddhist site of boudhanath are both 2 km from the hotel.
the bathrooms offer a shower plus a hairdryer.
access to the arden leisure club is complimentary for all hotel residents throughout the duration of their stay.
it is 3 km from floating market.
studios and apartments boast a kitchenette.
ngoc minh hotel is situated a 3-minute walk from nearby dining options and 1 km from phu loc beach. it offers free private parking and complimentary wi-fi access.
a hairdryer is supplied in the bathroom.
the airports rotterdam the hague airport and brussels airport are located at 110 km from the property.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wifi access is provided in the apartment.
a seating area and an electric kettle are also included.
featuring a restaurant and bar, exe sevilla palmera is in seville’s nuevo porvenir district, 500 metres from avenida de la palmera.
each room is equipped with a shared bathroom.
regional dishes and pizza are served at penzion portus’ restaurant.
offering a restaurant serving regional food, hôtel restaurant chez jerome is located 700 metres from cambo-les-bains thermal baths centre.
coleman park, on the shores of lake coleman, is 2.5 miles away.
free wifi is available on site.
a 15-minute drive from portopetro and its beach, cas teuler petit boasts a vast garden, outdoor pool with sun loungers, and a furnished terrace.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
a kitchenette with cooking facilities, coffee machine and fridge is included in all studios at the pantheon.
guests can order room service and enjoy their meal privately in their guestroom.
some restaurants can be found 15 km away.
the lively seaside resort of platanias is only 2 km away from meliades, while the picturesque town of chania with its venetian port is at at 13 km.
each air-conditioned room features a work desk, a wardrobe, an electronic safe, a flat-screen tv, a minibar and an electric kettle.
the warmbad villach thermal spa is 10 km away, and it is 12 km to the gerlitzen ski area.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
towels and bed linen are provided.
offering an outdoor pool, bar area and terrace, this 4-bedroom holiday home is located in tequesquitengo.
set on acres of lovely parkland, warragul gardens holiday park features free wi-fi and an outdoor swimming pool. it is just 10 minutes' walk from warragul's town centre.
the vatican city is a 20-minute walk away.
located 4 km from the brünig pass, hotel bären offers a sun terrace with views of the engelhörner mountains, a restaurant, a climbing wall, and a petting zoo.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, b&b loft 013 offers accommodation in tilburg, 200 metres from naturemuseum brabant.
the property offers free parking and guests can rent bicycles at ferienhaus mittelweg.
the franz schubert bicycle trail and hiking trails pass by the house.
there is a kitchenette with a toaster, refrigerator and an electric kettle. private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
offering a year-round outdoor heated pool, the property features an in-house restaurant and a bar. indoor and outdoor playground areas are available for guests with children.
hot shower facilities, towels and free toiletries are included in the private bathroom.
decorated in orange and blue colours, the rooms at seehotel come with a flat-screen tv and a refrigerator.
a microwave and refrigerator come standard in each room at a richland inn hotel.
an evening turn-down service is provided.
for a surcharge, villa 261 offers ironing, cooking services, wifi
the guest house also offers car hire.
located in the flaine skiing area, les chalets de julie offers traditional wooden chalets a 5-minute drive from les carrozes ski resort.
private bathroom includes a shower with running hot and cold water.
it houses 2 dining options and well-appointed accommodation with free wi-fi.
rafting, lift, safari and canyon tours can be arranged for an additional fee.
enjoybcn colon apartments is situated in barcelona, 400 metres from plaza reial. picasso museum is 800 metres away.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge and luggage storage.
the hotel is located 300 metres from la moneda palace and 400 metres from plaza de armas.
hotel presidencial chicalyo is 8 km from the lambayeque beaches and 2,2 km from capitán fap josé a. quiñones international airport.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
an oven, microwave, kettle and kitchenware are at guests’ disposal in the breakfast room.
simonovskiy val apartment offers accommodation in moscow. the apartment is 3.8 km from gorky park.
breakfast can be ordered upon request and there are also barbecue facilities available on site.
yimi inn nanshang dagang branch has a 24-hour front desk offering free luggage storage.
the tryp madrid alameda aeropuerto hotel has a restaurant and a bar serving snacks and drinks.
you can prepare meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
there is a terrace where you can enjoy a meal in the sun with views of the city walls and university of cartagena.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
riva del garda is 44 km from montecolo resort, while mantova is 47 km from the property.
room service and barbecue facilities are available.
other facilities include a fitness centre.
highlands reserve gc (1.1 km) and the ridgewood lakes golf and country club (12.4 km) are nearby.
located on the outskirts of thurles town, anner hotel and its leisure centre is a pleasant base with friendly staff, fine food and plenty of comforts. originally a country house, the hotel has expanded to include modern amenities whilst still holding on to its old world charm and character.
a hearty japanese breakfast is served at the dining room, while minamiya at 18:30 in the evening caters a traditional multi-course dinner with local, seasonal specialities.
each room at hotel panda has carpeted floors and central heating.
from euromast, the coolsingel shopping area and rotterdam train station within 10 minutes by public transport.
tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
compact units come with reading lights, power outlets and curtains to secure privacy.
tivat airport is 22 km away.
guests can enjoy golfing at the golf club, which is a 5-minute drive from the guesthouse.
located just 50 metres from hurghada’s sandy beaches, it offers rooms with a private balcony and free wi-fi.
gelendzhik airport is 3 km from the property.
the simple rooms come with parquet floors and a shared external bathroom.
the garden room restaurant overlooks the gardens, and offers fine cuisine made from local, seasonal produce.
free wi-fi is available in the apartment.
the famous alexanderplatz square is 15 minutes away by city rail.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
tolmachevo airport is 17 km away.
enjoying a quiet location, penzion u konicka is set 300 metres from the prostějov’s centre.
puerto de valencia is 1.2 km from vlc travel habitat francia 55, while malvarrosa beach is 2.9 km away.
free private parking spaces are available.
all rooms feature wrought-iron beds and vaulted ceilings with exposed brickwork. each is provided with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, and an en suite bathroom complete with toiletries and slippers.
kilmore castle view is located just a 10-minute stroll from the fishing village of kilmore quay.
king fahad international airport is 45 minutes by car from dorrat al jubail 3.
there is a shop 100 metres away.
free parking is available, and hanover airport is 12 km from the property.
minsk ring road is a 5-minute drive from the property.
nana beach offers spa facilities with a sauna, a turkish bath and massage services.
buffet breakfast includes typical products.
there is a 24-hour reception on site.
guests can cook their meal in the private kitchen.
just 15 minutes from helexpo exhibition centre, le palace enjoys proximity to business as well as leisure venues.
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport, 8 km from the property.
breakfast is served every morning in a hotel restaurant which specialises in international dishes.
ideally situated in front of port yasmine hammamet, residence corail offers quality accommodation just 300 metres from the sea.
the hotel’s staff can make arrangements for car rentals and free private parking is provided on site.
the feelgood spa includes an indoor heated pool with hydromassage and a sauna.
all of the contemporary rooms feature satellite tv.
a gym, a sauna and a solarium are also at guests’ disposal at an extra charge.
the hotel also provides a free bicycle rental service, and is an ideal base for local cycling and hiking trails.
the studio contains a large living/sleeping area, which includes a seating area, a piano and a fireplace.
there is also a bar with refreshing alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
viewing the garden, villa de premayac individually decorated rooms feature a private bathroom with a bath tub and free toiletries, as well as free wifi access.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher.
raimund theatre is 1.6 km from the property.
guests can enjoy panoramic views from the large windows.
a fitness room featuring waterfall views is also available.
featuring carpeted floors, the rooms of hotel miba include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, minibar and a private bathroom.
the spa area features a sauna, hot tub and a relaxation area with herbal teas.
you can play billiards at the hotel.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, la vallée de guéry is located in anse-bertrand, a 10-minute drive from the caribbean sea. free wifi access is available in this lodge.
corfu and its airport is 36 km from the property.
the self-catering, budget apartments come equipped with a tv, fridge and an en-suite bathroom.
each room includes a flat-screen tv with cable and satellite channels.
haus am see spa offers massages, beauty treatments, saunas with mountain views, steam bath, infrared cabin and relaxation room.
this sport hotel is only 300 metres from lignano sabbiadoro’s lively town centre and 600 metres from the sandy beach.
a laundry service is offered, and the amadeus has a 24-hour reception.
moinho da cruz is located 4 km from ponte de lima.
situated a 10-minute drive from guadalajara’s minerva monument, áurea hotel and suites offers a gym, outdoor pool and garden.
praia do pontal beach is located 40 minutes away on foot.
senai airport is about 30 km away.
breakfast here is a sweet and savoury buffet with homemade cakes, cold cuts, and cheeses.
free toiletries are included.
there is room service at the property.
each room at the villa includes a private bathroom and carved, wooden furniture.
the access to the sauna and the ski school can be booked separately.
activities in the surrounding area include horse riding, fishing and hiking.
this elegant apartment include 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, large living room and kitchen.
southmead guest house provides a full english breakfast, and vegetarian options are available.
each bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can enjoy the 25 m2 terrace.
jardins da ria is situated in ria of aveiro, close to the beach in the resort town of torreira.
the sncf train station is only 350 metres from the hotel.
just 200 metres from siófok marina, pálma panzió is a 10-minute walk from the town centre.
breakfast is a varied buffet.
the property offers free parking.
with free wifi, an outdoor pool, children’s playground, games room and a jumping pillow, eastern beach holiday park offers guests a variety of recreational facilities for an enjoyable stay.
while you swim and sunbathe during the day, cold drinks and snacks are available at the pool bar.
located in laguna golf course, laguna grande residence 57/5 offers a spacious four-bedroom villa with a 20-metre private pool.
hostal flamenco camaron is set in a quiet part of central málaga, 15 minutes’ walk from the cathedral and 1.7 km from the beach.
a flat-screen tv with access to cable and satellite channels is provided in each room at the oak tree inn hearne.
with free wifi, epy house roma is 800 metres from the labaro train station.
yaremche is 9 km from visyt, while vorokhta is 25 km from the property.
coffee-making facilities are also provided.
the nearest airport is london city airport, 14 km from shepherds market serviced apartments.
free on-site car parking is available as well.
well located in the touristic village of vernet-les-bains, in the heart of the pyrenees orientales, and at the foot of canigou massif, the residence les balcons du canigou is an ideal place of vacation.
this 5-star hotel is located in bad peterstal-griesbach, set in beautiful black forest countryside.
while staying at the embassy suites kansas city international airport, guests can take advantage of a free daily cooked-to-order breakfast along with a free daily evening reception. guestrooms at the hotel feature private sleeping and living areas as well as microwaves and refrigerators.
located 200 metres from the beach in supetar, this air-conditioned holiday home features a terrace. the property boasts views of the sea is 16 km from split.
situated 1.6 km from the las vegas convention center, lucky dragon hotel & casino features a large gaming casino with 2 vip areas, 5 restaurants, 2 bars and a spa.
fitness facilities and the solarium invite you to unwind.
guests can also use the property’s communal kitchen to prepare drinks and snacks.
an underground car park is provided as well.
set in the heart of trapani, belvedere rooms and terrace offers air-conditioned accommodation 200 metres from the sandy beach.
a full kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator is standard in all cabins. each air-conditioned cabin features a spacious seating area with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
la maquinista shopping centre is 10 minutes’ walk away.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
restaurants can be found within a walking distance.
there are two private bathrooms which both come with a shower.
manneken pis is 200 metres from charming house close to grand place, while brussels city hall is 200 metres from the property.
boasting absolute waterfront accommodation with stunning water views, the fisherman's wife is located in dover.
free wifi is available .
barbecue facilities can be requested.
set in a historic villa, villa verganti veronesi features an outdoor pool and a spacious italian garden.
the loft bedrooms accessible by only stairs feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the coast, with its beautiful beaches, is just 6 km form the galleppa masseria.
featuring a shower, ensuite bathrooms also come with a bath.
xi'an yihe palace hotel is a 10-minute walk from shaan'xi stadium, a 10-minute drive from xi'an bell tower, small wild goose pagoda and big wild goose pagoda.
the private bathroom features a bath and a shower, and free toiletries.
the rooms at the manafe al-thahabyia hotel have wooden furnishing and traditional decor.
providing a living room with sofas and a fireplace, the accommodation also offers a terrace.
the property offers room service.
each season the menu changes and different meals are served.
the classically decorated rooms at this hotel are air conditioned and fitted with a flat-screen satellite tv.
the unit is 400 metres from provincial archaeology museum of alicante.
bright interiors, modern furniture and wooden floors make for a comfortable stay.
the property offers free shuttle services to the dolonne ski slope which is 1 km away.
the sole-felsen-bad thermal spa in gmünd is 11 km away.
piarco airport is 2 km away.
moho m hostel’s guests have access to the stylish common kitchen including a coffee machine.
there is room service at the property.
bakuriani train station is 5 minutes’ drive from hotel villa palace, and tbilisi is 180 km away.
albergo diffuso zoncolan has been restored in a natural environment.
children’s menus are available.
sochi train station is 1.5 km from the apartment, and adler airport is 35.5 km away.
bright apartments at the coral do mar i have free wi-fi, a well-equipped kitchenette with microwave and fridge and a living-dining room with sofa bed and a flat-screen tv.
the coach house inn, manor house estaurant and tea rooms along with the muddy duck coffee shop all serve a range of hot meals, snacks and hot and cold drinks throughout the day and early evening.
the property features breeding grounds for lynxes and wild birds.
fm rental is 1.1 km from army historic museum and fort of copacabana and 1.3 km from ipanema beach's post 8.
towels and bed linen are provided.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
featuring free wifi, sleepinn is located in rębiechowo, 19 km from the centre of gdańsk and 15 km from sopot.
piazza vecchia is 1.4 km from the botép, while atleti azzurri d'italia stadium is 1.2 km from the property.
the chicago city centre can be reached in 34 minutes’ drive.
set in a stylish german style building, hotel naguilan offers rooms with free wi-fi, and breakfast, 900 metres from valdivia main square. it features a big garden with a swimming pool and a river deck over valdivia river.
zagreb airport is located 18 km from the property.
guests can start their day on the sunny terrace with a rich breakfast buffet.
the villa is fully air-conditioned and offers an lcd satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the town is famous for health tourism because of the climate and clean and fresh air.
the friendly staff is happy to arrange day trips for you.
the nearest pebbly beach is 500 metres away.
laundry facilities are available.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
the hotel also offers free wireless internet access and in-room pay films.
air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a cable tv, minibar and en suite bathroom with spa bath.
the tour desk organises excursions to local attractions. bicycle rental facilities are available at the tour desk.
lake senba is a 10-minute drive from the hotel, and mitokairaku-en garden is a 12-minute drive away.
the hotel has a spa centre and sauna, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen tv, a docking station and pillow menu.
free parking is available at casa do condado de beirós.
esbjerg central station is a 5-minute walk away. the esbjerg art museum is 500 metres from the hotel.
shannon airport is 56 km from the property.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
the rooms at chambres d'hôtes du chateau de saint sulpice are individually decorated in a classical style and offer views of the valley.
pousada casa do centro praia is 176 km from rio de janeiro’s galeão-tom jobim international airport.
the staff can meet guests at the border crossing or at the train station.
this luxurious hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with a balcony or terrace and a restaurant.
a separate, fully equipped kitchen with a seating area is included.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, bossche suites stationsweg offers accommodation in den bosch, 500 metres from the lively markt and a 3-minute walk from the train station.
the private bath or shower rooms have a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries.
larger rooms with a desk and spa bath are also available.
you can find the latina district, famous for its tapas bars in about 10 minutes’ walk.
hotel chateau kvareli is located in the centre of kvareli town, a 15-minute walk from ilia lake.
the apartment is surrounded by a garden, and consists of a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher, a bedroom, and a living room with a sofa. the bathroom is complete with a washing machine and shower.
seneca niagara casino is 28 miles from the hotel.
granadilla, set next to the gabriel y galán reservoir, is 45 km away, while hervás and its historic jewish quarter is 30 minutes’ drive away.
free wi-fi is offered.
meeting and banquet facilities are provided.
cultural center, huaihai road and tian zi fang are all within close walking distance.
for those who prefer to spend their holidays actively, nordic walking and mountain biking in the beautiful landscapes as well as skiing at the local small ski centre is offered.
ancient fort of mont boron is 7 km from california park.
guests can lounge on the terrace, relax in the shared lounge, and play in the games room with billiards and darts.
guests can enjoy yoga sessions by the beach or request to watch a cultural show.
the jackson snowflake inn has on-site cross-country skiing, a fitness centre, and offers massages in suite.
chişinău city centre, the alley of classics and the nativity cathedral are just a 10-minute drive from tulip.
the well-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and washing machine is available, as well.
each room at hotel on chekhova is decorated in a classic style and includes a work desk. a shower is provided in the bathrooms.
anastasia apartments 2 is 3 km from uzhgorod train station and uzhgorod airport.
laundry facilities and a full kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave are standard in all apartments.
on site, aqua 307 serves american fare for breakfast and dinner amid views of the intracoastal waterways.
the thermal spa of terme san filippo is 10 minutes away by car.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave. a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
daily maid service is provided.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities and luggage storage.
it is just opposite tua pek kong temple and offers free wifi.
a free-use pc is located in the lobby, and guests can rent laptops at the front desk for use in rooms.
the rooms at les demeures de montagne - le clos des gentianes feature antique furniture and are decorated in neutral tones.
each air-conditioned and individually decorated room is furnished in wood and comes with clay floors.
riomaggiore train station is 200 metres away via the pedestrian tunnel in via colombo.
rooms at the hotel hirsch will provide you with cable tv, a balcony and an en suite bathroom with hairdryer.
breakfast buffet is served daily.
favignana is 17 km from sale, sole e mare, while castellammare del golfo is 45 km away.
bolshoi theatre is 2.8 km from four squares novoslobodskaya, while state historical museum is 3.2 km from the property.
mina is 2.9 km from al saad hotel, while makkah mall is 3.2 km away.
the hotel is 5 storeys high and has an elevator.
each room has a private bathroom.
the unit is 11 km from anthropological museum & cave of petralona.
guests are welcome to dine in the restaurant, where a varied breakfast buffet and a range of regional dishes are served.
extras include a desk and cleaning products.
rooms are en suite and air-conditioned at tonfoni hotel.
packed lunches are provided on request.
the chateau de foix is a 10-minute drive away and fishing and hiking activities are available nearby.
puducherry airport is 4 km from the hotel.
the border with gibraltar is 5 minutes’ drive, and gibraltar airport is about the same distance.
neath railway station is a 15-minute journey by car.
the property offers free parking.
piraeus is 34 km from efi relax house.
a sweet italian breakfast buffet with croissants, jam and hot drinks is served daily.
tangier ibn battouta airport is 31 km away.
the reception desk at prince albert opéra is open 24 hours a day and free newspapers are available each day in the lobby area.
rue d’antibes is just 700 metres away.
set in the medieval hamlet of nozzano castle and just 9 km from the centre of lucca, villa del castello boasts an extensive garden and panoramic views of the surrounding countryside.
the many restaurants, bars, and shops of istiklal street are just a 5-minute walk from rapunzel guest house.
other facilities at apartment in el cortijo include a year-round outdoor pool.
hotel palazzo boasts 16 restaurants and bars serving a variety of food from around the world.
hotel jingyue international is a 1-hour drive from the popular nanjing road walking street.
some rooms have furnished balconies with city views.
free wifi is available on site and each day, a breakfast buffet is served.
a daily healthy breakfast is served in the mercure tel aviv hotel's café.
barents frokosthotell is within a 5-minute walk of a variety of restaurants and cafés.
b&b joan's heritage is a 10-minute drive from the exit taormina of the a18 motorway.
jagaditha villas is a 10-minute drive from sanur beach and a 20-minute drive from denpasar city.
the villa comes with a well equipped kitchen, dining area and a living room with a flat-screen cable tv.
tarragona train station is 10 minutes’ walk from the lauria.
a traditional braai is also available for barbecues.
free private parking is available on site.
all units feature a kitchenette fitted with a microwave and fridge.
guests of the one-bedroom house and the two-bedroom house have a self-catering breakfast, which they can enjoy in the kitchen.
bicycle rental can be arranged at the 24-hour reception.
killarney station is 15 minutes’ walk away, and the beautiful lakes of killarney are a 10-minute drive away.
the a65 motorway is 10 km from the hotel.
you can enjoy mountain and city views from the property.
the private and dormitory rooms are simply furnished.
located in the city centre of syracuse, grande albergo alfeo offers free wi-fi and a restaurant. here you will be within walking distance of ortygia island.
offering an outdoor pool, superior self catering holiday apartment is situated in adeje. aqualand is 1.6 km away.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, appartement villa is a guest house offering accommodation in saint-laurent-du-var, 10 km from the centre of nice and 12 km from antibes.
the village of teguise is located 12 km from the property.
decorated in classic style, rooms at fazenda mini-hotel come with a private bathroom, fitted with a shower and slippers.
the 4-bedroom house features a terrace with barbecue facilities and ocean views.
guests can buy homemade and local products such as bolognese sauce and cold cuts from the farm shop.
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
the self-catering, air conditioned apartments offer a living area with a kitchenette, a washing machine, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
breakfast is served daily in the patio or in the kitchen. it consists of hot drinks, homemade jams and pancakes.
it features a colourful lounge with a big plasma tv and a shared kitchen.
the one-bedroom apartment will provide you with a living room including a cable tv.
featuring a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area, this holiday rental is located 20 minutes’ drive from the walt disney world resort.
restaurants and supermarkets are within 5 minutes’ walk of checkin apartments kungsholmen.
located along east zhongshan road, nanjing gold key business hotel features a restaurant and provides relaxing guestrooms. free wifi is provided in all areas and free parking service is available on site.
wi-fi is available at the hotel’s reception cafe at a charge.
kadriorg liivaoja apartments offers pet-friendly accommodation in tallinn, 500 metres from kadriorg art museum and 500 metres from kadriorg palace. the unit is 700 metres from kadriorg stadium.
the borgo metro stop is just 5 minutes' walk away.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
guests enjoy a daily buffet breakfast with fresh juice and artisan breads.
motel nochleg offers pet-friendly accommodation in krasnoperekopsk, on the armyansk-simferopol motorway.
both oriental and western breakfast are offered by the hotel.
room service is provided.
the x-thrill lavasa is 8 km and the pune railway station is 58 km.
torremolinos is 43 km from finca luna.
facilities include a safe, a fridge and an electric kettle.
a range of russian cuisine is served in restaurant volna, and snacks and drinks can be enjoyed in the osobiy vkus café.
saint basil's cathedral is 13 km from apartment samarkandskiy boulvar, while lenin mausoleum is 14 km away.
the bed and breakfast is 4.9 km from amsterdam central station, 4.3 km from dam square and 3.5 km from leidseplein.
the three-bedroom accommodation will provide a tv, dvd and cd player.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
free parking is located on site.
ferry boats take you to mörbisch on the opposite shore of the lake, where a famous operetta festival takes place.
located in quettensberg on a south-facing slope, within 25 minutes’ drive from the zell am see-kaprun and schi arena pasturn ski resorts, appartment lerch offers a fully furnished accommodation with a garden, a seating area and views on the hohe tauern mountain range.
guests will also be 9 minutes’ drive from the seabee museum.
for recreation, there is an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by a lush garden with palm trees.
the boat arrives back to bodrum harbour.
each room has simple furnishings, traditional wood-beamed ceilings and tiled floors.
the old town is approximately a 10-minute walk away and the bus station is 1.2 km from the panorama alaj.
at apartament nina you will find a garden.
for your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
the apartment is uniquely decorated with blue and purple, with white furniture.
every room at norilchanka is decorated in a classic style and has a fridge.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the balcony offers a view of the mountains.
montagu place’s guests enjoy special rates at a gym, just a few minutes' walk from the hotel.
guests can prepare their own meals using the shared kitchen, which is equipped with a microwave and stovetop.
the hotel also provides car rentals, laundry and dry cleaning services.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries in each unit.
guests can make use of the shared tv room with a fireplace.
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport, 14 km from walde park.
you can play table tennis at the property, and car hire is available.
the country-style restaurant at the hotel löwen serves a daily breakfast buffet and a selection of bavarian specialities.
these fully equipped apartments are about 15 minutes' walk from caorle centre, where guests can find supermarkets, shops and restaurants.
you can play tennis, table tennis, and squash at the guest house.
the non-smoking alexander has spacious, brightly decorated rooms with satellite tv, work desks, and modern bathrooms.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
it offers free wi-fi in public areas, sauna and scenic views of mellensee lake.
facilities include an indoor pool, 2 outdoor pools and water slides.
free private parking is available on site.
offering the view of the garden and the mountains, the apartment comprises a bedroom and a living area with a sofa bed, dining corner and fully equipped kitchenette.
towels and linens can be rented for an extra cost.
each has satellite tv, a telephone and a private bathroom with shower.
a shared kitchen equipped with an oven, microwave and fridge.
located in the heart of dreieich, the family-run hotel herrnbrod & ständecke offers comfortable rooms just 11 km from frankfurt airport.
the property offers free parking.
milan linate airport is 29 km away.
appointed with plenty of natural light, the villa comprises an airy living room fitted with multimedia, bedrooms with stunning views, and a fully-equipped kitchen.
the property is 35 km from seminyak area and 36 km from ngurah rai international airport.
at cabañas don tobias, guests will find a sun terrace and a solarium.
the rooms and suites are air conditioned and include a flat-screen satellite tv, minibar, and tea/coffee maker.
at apartments corte you will find a garden and a sun terrace.
the classically appointed rooms at gospoda młyńskie koło are spacious and feature a private bathroom.
the bright, air-conditioned rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style décor.
guests may relax with a foot massage or visit the games room.
gweta lodge is 6 km from gweta airport.
with a moroccan-style décor, all the air-conditioned rooms at riad rime offer a tv and a wardrobe. a private bathroom with a shower is also provided.
guests can enjoy minimalist yet elegant environmentally friendly accommodations at the rincon eco lodge.
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
certain units include views of the river or garden.
zoagli train station is 900 metres from the mare zoagli. rapallo is 5 km away.
the atp stadium stella maris is located at a distance of 1.5 km.
guests can dine in the on-site restaurant, room service and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request.
it offers a restaurant, free parking and free wi-fi in public areas.
the rooms at residencia tomás alfaro fournier feature a work desk and a private bathroom.
located on krabi island, fahthai villa is a short 10-minute walk from the beach.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the property offers free parking.
continental breakfast is served each morning at residence noflaye.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
just a 5-minute walk from bad soden train station, this hotel is located in the centre of a spa town.
at alice street farm shepherds hut you will find barbecue facilities.
located in genoa’s business district, hotel boccascena offers free parking, air-conditioned rooms and free wi-fi throughout.
pouso da trilha hospedagem is situated a 30-minute walk from the natural pools of ribeirao do meio and serrano.
las heras avenue is 50 metres away.
a shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
cottages include a fully equipped kitchen, flat-screen tv and private sauna.
this modern old quebec hotel is 5 minutes' walk from the notre dame de quebec cathedral and 10 minutes' walk from the museum of civilization.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a minibar, tea/coffee making facilities and a tv with satellite channels.
it offers a bike rental service and free parking.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 29 km from the property.
located within the delta po national park, casa oriana is a detached holiday home is situated in rosolina.
granada is approximately 100 km away.
fitted with dark-wooden furnishings and tiled floors, the air-conditioned studios of toroni bay come with a kitchenette with fridge and cooking hobs.
dedeman oskemen tavros is located along the irtysh river, just a 15-minute walk from zhastar park.
each apartment includes the free use of a parasol, sun loungers and deckchairs.
strasbourg international airport is 15 km away.
the kitchen corner comes with a fridge, microwave and a small stovetop.
rooms feature a wooden four-poster bed with netting and a fan.
there is free wifi, air conditioning, heating and a flat-screen tv. the kitchen comes with a fridge, microwave, coffee maker and oven.
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
guests can also spend some quiet reading time in the library, check emails at the business centre, or make use of the meeting rooms.
elafonisi is 37 km from elaida house, while georgioupolis is 38 km from the property.
kitchenette facilities include a microwave, fridge and coffee maker.
the air-conditioned unit is 29 km from trapani.
you can enjoy dishes made from local products, available daily upon reservation except on sunday.
extras include an en suite bathroom with towels, linen, and free toiletries.
lyon airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
the nearest airport is jyväskylä airport, 65 km from villa hiidenmäki.
there is a direct bus going there from a local bus stop 200 metres away.
harpa concert hall & conference centre is 2.2 km away.
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
the property offers free parking.
tennis, mini golf and table tennis can be enjoyed in astoria hotel.
brindisi is 33 km from the property.
enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the mountain or garden.
surgères tgv train station is 23 km away, and la rochelle airport is 60 km from the property.
hostel silesius is located in the centre of wrocław, a 15-minute walk from the old town.
a continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the garden or in the restaurant, including hot beverages, sweet pastries, cold cuts, eggs and cheeses.
each air-conditioned bedroom includes a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with toiletries.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
guests at the homewood suites ft. worth-bedford can start each day with a free hot breakfast or with an energising workout in the on-site fitness centre.
the knowledgeable staff is another characteristic that highlights the quality of this hotel.
this apartment features a balcony with views of the mountains, a tv with satellite channels and a seating area.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
each room at the hotel am hehlentor has cable tv and a desk.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, snorkelling and fishing.
offering a barbecue and spa centre, clarks khajuraho is located in khajurāho.
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
szeged train station is located 2 km from the central apartman.
landmarks, such as the hungarian parliament building or the state opera house can be reached within 10 minutes on foot.
set in the village of mellweg, 8 km from hermagor, spearchuckers inn is a 20-minute drive from nassfeld ski area.
it provides free wi-fi access and complimentary parking spaces.
fine dining and a broad list of douro and port wines can be enjoyed at the book restaurant, which is sited within a renovated book shop and offers an intimate atmosphere.
wifi is available in public areas for an additional cost.
located in sea point, just a 5-minute walk away from the beach, winstonia residence features simply decorated apartments and dormitory rooms.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and free parking.
kouvola apartment provides a balcony offering city views and a tv with dvd player. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the restaurant at l'ours blanc serves local and regional specialties.
hotel lilium is located in the centre of agia marina, within 150 metres from the beach.
the san francisco hotel has excellent public transport links around the city by both tram and metro.
the on-site restaurant serves traditional trentino and italian specialities.
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
a range of restaurants, cafés and supermarkets are located in the same street as the accommodation.
just 20 metres from drios beach, the cycladic-style nissiotiko offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi throughout.
menara airport is located 16 km from marrakech la villa 27.
the casa mosole is a 20-minute drive from riva del garda, while rovereto is 33 km away.
the restaurant serves a breakfast buffet in the morning.
room service, safe box, doctor service, laundry and car hire service are offered by the property upon request with an additional charges.
it has barbecue facilities, free wi-fi and private parking.
the hotel also offers car hire.
located in gainesville, florida, this hotel offers free wifi access and a complimentary continental breakfast.
the town of vienne is a 10-minute drive away.
the kitchen is fully equipped and has a pass-through window to the dining area. guests are welcome to cook their meals here.
its location is ideal for daily cruises around mt. athos.
the bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
it provides a fully equipped apartment with a furnished balcony.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
free parking is provided.
a cable tv and telephone with free local calls are standard in every room at motel 6 bakersfield.
staff at reception can provide information and recommendations.
private parking is available on site.
located in vence, la tour du pin offers self-catering with an outdoor pool.
you can engage in various activities, such as windsurfing and cycling.
daily breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant. there are also many restaurants in the surrounding area.
there is a full kitchen with granite countertops, a microwave and an oven.
hotel priyadarshini offers accommodation in hospet.
guests can experience world-class skiing or discover scenic hiking trails just minutes from the hotel.
the hotel’s position in the garmisch district offers easy access to a stimulating range of leisure opportunities.
hotel galaxy heights offers accommodation in bahawalpur.
guests have discounts at lana and sarnonico dolomiti golf clubs nearby.
rimini train station is a 5-minute walk from the property.
paraty bus station and the modern art museum are both 2 km away.
plumeria private villa also includes a barbecue.
complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the property offers free parking.
the kitchen has an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv is available.
lloret beach is 200 metres away.
some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
hacienda san gaspar golf club is located 12 minutes' drive from the holiday home. cuernavaca international airport is 27 minutes' drive away.
some apartments have a private terrace or balcony.
the hotel is close to blackpool’s golden mile and the promenade.
český krumlov is 65 km from gasthaus - pension sonnenhof, while bad leonfelden is 42 km from the property.
the attached bathroom comes equipped with shower and free toiletries.
czech and international dishes are served in the patriot restaurant, while italian cuisine can be enjoyed in the di gusto café & restaurant.
each has a bathroom with a bath and a shower, as well as a minibar and a tv.
take advantage of the on-site fitness facilities or relax after a long day in the outdoor pool.
every room at hotel krasnodar features a desk and a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
guests can make arrangements for car or motorbike hire, transfer shuttles, day trips and spa treatments at the reception.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
there are several bus stops within 200 metres from the casa dos prazeres – campo de ourique, providing connections to all that lisbon has to offer.
there is also an indoor diving facility directly next to the property.
al massira airport is located 37 km away.
guests can dine at a restaurant on site.
the bathroom is equipped with a shower and free toiletries.
the soundproofed rooms at hotel jarama have modern décor with wooden flooring.
at pousada areia da praia there is a 24-hour front desk for assistance.
some rooms include views of the sea or garden.
a full english breakfast is included in the price and can be served in the comfort of your own room.
other facilities at duplex mirador aguamarina include a year-round outdoor pool.
simply decorated with wooden furnishings, the bright and airy rooms of neon olympia feature a cable tv and a telephone.
ai capitani is a luxury boutique hotel set right in the heart of peschiera del garda’s old town.
decorated with earth tones, they include a bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
bachgasslhof apartments & ferienwohnungen offers you spacious apartments 2 km from the centre of leoben and the leoben-west exit of the s6 highway.
each apartment comes with a terrace with panoramic mountain views and a stylish living room with a modern kitchenette including a dishwasher and a microwave.
the cathedral of immaculate conception is 10 km from meena resort, while robinson department store is 9 km from the property.
the friendly staff can help with local tips for getting around the area and luggage storage is also available.
the ski areas sölden and hochötz are within 20 km.
indian cuisine is on offer.
adhi jaya hotel is located in kuta, a 5-minute walk from kuta beach.
the lively nevsky prospekt is a 15-minute walk away, and the hermitage museum itself is 3 km from the hotel.
conveniently located in the heart of the city, the hotel is only a 5-minute drive away from the philippine economic zones and a 30-minute drive from the business district of cebu city.
luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
the property also offers a shared lounge and a garden, together with a small holding with ponies, alpacas, geese, ducks and chickens.
all rooms have air conditioning and cable tv.
this farm is situated in a natural area which is also very popular for golfing, cycling and hiking.
the rooms of augusto ́s paysandu hotel are simple and stylish. they are equipped with air conditioning, cable tv, minibar and safe.
the variety of bars and restaurants bring you the best of both local and international cuisine to enjoy.
the meerwasser-erlebnisbad (leisure baths) is 100 metres away.
talavera la real airport is 68 km away.
ajik homestay offers pet-friendly accommodation in gili air.
the apartment comes with a flat-screen tv, a separate bedroom, a terrace and a fully equipped kitchen.
alternatively, a selection of dining options is available near the port and beaches.
the accommodation provides a tv, a terrace and a seating area.
children's playground is next to the property, as well as tennis courts.
set in venice's cannaregio district, lagoon apartments are approximately 2 km from the rialto bridge and the accademia gallery.
a full breakfast buffet is served every morning at the clos raymi, which guests can enjoy on the terrace on sunny days.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the unit is 600 metres from the harbor with boat connections to the area’s islands, such as culatra, farol and armona.
set on the black sea shore in mamaia nord and right by the sandy beach, nautic sport club offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun beds, free access to a basketball court, as well as free bicycles. wifi is free of charge throughout the property.
the bright rooms at the richky hotel are individually decorated, with a flat-screen tv and a refrigerator.
weimar berkaer train station is a 15-minute walk away.
breakfast at il borghetto country inn includes local products and homemade cakes, and is served in the garden.
the tour desk books hiking, diving trips and island tours.
hampton inn nashville/brentwood-i-65s features cable tv and a work desk in every guest room. rooms also offer a coffee maker and a hair dryer.
the three-bedroom apartment is provided with 1 satellite-tv, hi-fi system/cd/dvd player and free wireless internet. the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, coffee brewer, cooker hood, 85 l deep freeze, microwave, dishwasher, vacuum cleaner, and electric cooker.
there is a games room, offering different board and card plays as well as billiards.
each room is fitted with a shared bathroom.
shops and restaurants can be found within 500 m from the house.
the nearest airport is mar del plata airport, 8 km from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
a fitness centre is located on site. ski storage is available.
heraklion international airport is 89 km away.
omnibusz apartman offers an apartment with free wifi, located 300 metres from the city park and 1.2 km from the heroes square in budapest.
other facilities offered at the property include ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor.
most rooms have a balcony with mountain views.
guests can enjoy a drink at the café club.
various parks can be visited within a radius of 1 km.
featuring a terrace, all units feature a seating and dining area.
comforts include a flat-screen tv in the living room, a balcony, and a rustic-style outdoor terrace when barbecues can be held.
just a 5-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport, anika guest house provides elegant rooms.
it takes about 40 minutes by train or a21 bus to hong kong international airport.
you have free wi-fi in public areas and free parking.
it also has a well-equipped fitness centre and a business centre.
the bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
camden brickell is one block from a metromover station and within one mile of bayside marketplace and miami art museum.
from 22 may to 11 october 2015, the stubai super card is included in the rate.
la pointe d'argent is less than 1 km from the ocean.
marseille provence airport is located 12.6 km away.
the local area offers a great variety of outdoor activities whether in summer or winter, including hiking.
suria klcc is 800 metres from summer suites residences, while the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport, which is 18 km from summer suites residences.
with modern amenities, the spacious suites have a domi classic décor and each features a different musical instrument, such as a piano, guitar, violin or an accordion.
select rooms contain microwaves and refrigerators.
guests can benefit from free wifi throughout the apartment.
each room at the old kafenion b&b is air-conditioned and feature a bathroom stocked with a shower or bath.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
free on-site private parking is available and there are charging points for electric cars and bicycles.
within walking distance of the fritz hotel, guests will find miami beach's most popular attractions including the versace mansion, the shopping on collins avenue, and the hottest night spots on washington avenue.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms are simply furnished with a wardrobe, a desk, a flat-screen cable tv and seating area.
this historical building is listed as a latvian soviet cultural heritage.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
a flat-screen satellite tv and plush cushions are included in the living area.
for other meals guests are invited to enjoy seafood and grilled meat specialities in the hotel’s on-site restaurant.
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the private bathroom comes with a shower or bath tub.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, tucan suites aparthotel offers self-catering accommodation in tarapoto. free wifi access is available and breakfast is provided each morning at this apart hotel.
the closest airport is honolulu airport, 41 km away.
bed & breakfast buffaloberry also offers ski storage and a common terrace.
são pedro lisbon hotel is situated a 15-minute walk from the marquês de pombal square and the eduardo vii park.
eilat airport is less than 5 minutes away by taxi.
rooms at this family-run hotel are simple and comfortable.
guests of dimora nei trulli also have access to a garden and bicycle rental.
chill up also includes a barbecue. guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
borough market is a 10-minute walk from the door.
the farm stay offers rooms with a balcony and there is free wifi available throughout the property.
the hotel has a sauna and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
doubletree by hilton istanbul - sirkeci is a gateway to popular landmarks, including hagia sophia, 500 metres away. the hotel is adjacent to gulhane park and within walking distance from basilica cistern and topkapi palace.
the hotel also features a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub with rock sculpture.
guests can dine in the resort's restaurant.
all guestrooms and bungalows are equipped with a flat-screen tv, beach towels and free daily bottled water.
continental breakfast is served in the morning.
during summer, the hermitage provides a full programme of entertainment and beach games.
for dinner, have a private barbecue utilizing one of the gas grills situated in 2 acres of beautifully landscaped gardens.
the property also offers free parking.
it is 4 km from photo point and 9 km from munnar elephant ride.
other facilities at villa gran sol include a year-round outdoor pool.
free wi-fi is accessible in all areas.
the nearest airport is bali denpasar international airport, 26 km from the property.
all apartments come with a flat-screen tv, a kitchenette and a bathroom with shower.
each unit has a balcony and satellite tv.
guests can swim in the indoor pool or enjoy a workout in the fitness centre at west omaha residence inn by marriott.
the bus stop is 50 metres away and the motta naluns ski area is 1 km away.
guests of sonja apart-pension can play table tennis and use a shared kitchen and a ski storage room.
this family run guest house is decorated in country-style.
barra de navidad bus station, local restaurants and shops can be found within a 5-minute walk.
guests can request grocery packs in advance to cook meals at the property.
a continental breakfast is served in the morning at this smoke-free property.
wiesbadener golf club is 10 minutes by car.
providenciales international airport is 12 km away.
every room is fully air conditioned.
located in trogir, just 500 metres from the beach, apartment blazenka offers a balcony with a view of the garden.
free private parking is available on site.
enjoy the town, with the modern thermarium spa just a 5-minute walk away.
it offers a fully equipped kitchen and 6 bedrooms with private bathrooms.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
it offers luxurious accommodation with a fully equipped kitchen and free wi-fi.
air-conditioned rooms, completely renovated in february 2015, come with a satellite tv, a seating area, a safety deposit box, an electric kettle and a minibar.
chiado is 300 metres from the property.
it offers clean and comfortable accommodation at a great price.
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a hairdryer.
a free breakfast is served each morning.
there is a grocery store next to the property and a market 300 metres away.
each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
located in a quite area of liptovský mikuláš in liptov region, privat janis offers a 2-bedroom apartment with free wifi and a private garden.
the pousada serves a daily breakfast which includes fresh fruit, bread and coffee.
the resort’s bus station is 200 metres from the premises.
the centre of middelburg is less than a 15-minute drive away.
the hotel is a 10-minute walk from insa-dong, traditional korean restaurants, shops, and art museums.
beach apartment hua hin is 800 metres from cicada market hua hin and 3.5 km from hua hin market village.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
on request, staff can organise horseback riding tours in the park.
karpenisi town is at a distance of 40 km, while velouchi ski centre is 41 km away.
homely rooms come with a private bathroom that has a bidet and shower.
the gradska kefeana restaurant serves international and macedonian dishes as well as sea food specialities.
hotel walter offers 2 free swimming pools, a free sauna, and free wi-fi in all public areas. set in its furnished garden, it features spacious rooms, and an extensive buffet-style breakfast.
this apartment is 100 metres from the centre of samoëns and from the stop of the free shuttle bus, which brings to the ski slopes.
tallinn central station is 1.1 km away and the lennart meri tallinn airport is 5.1 km away.
a swimming pool and free sun loungers are provided at hotel vedren.
select rooms offer ocean or mountain views.
free wifi access is available in all public areas.
all accommodation units comprise a tv and an equipped kitchenette.
the cava grande del cassabile natural reserve is a 5-minute drive from the property.
budva bus station, with frequent links to bečići, is 3 km away.
there is also a balcony and a ski storage room in winter.
the property is 2.2 km from royal phuket marina.
hotel zorza is 4 km from lake michalice.
each unit is fully air-conditioned.
it has an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and lounge chairs.
free wifi access is available.
there is a shared lounge with a flat-screen tv, a kettle and microwave.
villa oneiropagida features free wifi throughout the property.
free private parking is possible on site.
apartments monika offers pet-friendly accommodation in bibinje.
located in primošten, just in front of a beach, villa gloss offers an infinity swimming pool, free wifi access and a terrace with sea views and outdoor furniture.
it offers bike rental and free wi-fi access.
the belmore b&b features free wifi .
katerini town is 8 km away and the popular winter destination of elatochori village is 37 km away.
allariz is 44 km from hostal medievo, while manzaneda is 32 km from the property.
each has a balcony and terrace overlooking the ionian sea and the mountains of kefalonia.
enjoy fresh japanese cuisine or traditional shanghainese cuisine.
the danfoss universe scientific theme park is 25 km away, while the frøslevlejren world war ii museum is less than a 10-minute drive.
each room here will provide you with a 36" flat-screen cable tv, a tea/coffee maker and a work desk.
the private bathrooms are complete with a hairdryer and bidet.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
a café beach bar can be found within 150 metres, while a restaurant is 550 metres away. a grocery shop is 1.2 km away.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
ski lodge is a holiday home located in the centre of brides-les-bains, a 2-minute walk from olympe gondola.
city tribe changjiang road is a 7-minute walk from xinjiekou subway station and a 15-minute walk from presidential palace.
bike hire and wi-fi are both free, and fishing excursions at the owners’ farm can be organised.
situated on the edge of oirschot, b&b carpe diem offers spacious rooms, each with a private entrance and a terrace.
hotel ayvengo is located in the same building with a shopping centre.
the guest house offers an on-site ski storage.
residence san pietro barisano offers unique apartments set in the matera sassi unesco site. accommodation is excavated in the rock and provided with free wi-fi, self-catering facilities, and independent access.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
staff at the 24-hour front desk readily assists guests with services such as bicycle and car rental, as well as laundry services which include dry cleaning.
augusta state airport and children's discovery museum are a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out copacabana beach (5.5 km).
towels are available.
a tour desk and a shuttle service are offered at the hotel.
set 4 km from george enescu memorial house in sinaia, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from balcony.
it also has a champagne and wine lounge.
located in camp bonaca, in srima, 4 km from the centre of vodice, mobile houses bonaca offer fully equipped air-conditioned mobile homes with a shared outdoor pool, a shared barbecue area with tables and chairs and parasols.
the hotel is located between place des vosges and centre georges pompidou.
the nearest airport is odessa international airport, 13 km from the property.
la libertad is 7 km from monkey lala el tunco suites, while la herradura is 50 km away.
fresh and regional cuisine can be enjoyed in the hofgut's giorgios restaurant with terrace
located in théoule-sur-mer, nirvana loft is a beachfront apartment.
each room in dalian dafu hotel is fitted with a tv. a private bathroom is included. slippers and free toiletries are provided.
azzurra hotel is 600 metres from the spanish steps. termini station is just 2 metro stops away.
baden specialities are served in the hotel's restaurant with beer garden.
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher.
around-the-clock front desk service and free on-site parking is provided.
the rooms and suites of balgarka complex are all equipped with a refrigerator, cable tv and have a balcony and a bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
a continental buffet breakfast is served at the manzoni.
en suite bathrooms come with free toiletries and shower facilities.
the private bathroom offers a spa bath, hairdryer and free toiletries.
energize for the day ahead at the gym.
a generous breakfast is served daily in the coffee lounge and features english, vegetarian or continental options.
full irish breakfasts are served every day.
alekseevo 1 is 8 km from kazanskiy train station and 30 km from sheremetyevo airport.
in addition, guests can get beach equipment directly from the hotel.
guests can enjoy free coffee served in the lobby.
the pantheon, jardin du luxembourg and botanical garden are all within easy reach.
at footprints villa you will find a private beach area.
the central location puts guests near the university, the town's beautiful parks and the saint-serge business district.
towels and linen can be requested at the reception for a fee.
guests are also treated to an evening wine reception.
the property offers a shared kitchen and a shared lounge.
situated 2.4 km from pula arena in pula, this apartment features free wifi.
en suite laundry facilities are available.
free wifi is available.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
the beds are draped with a mosquito net.
set in a complex with a swimming pool, 500 metres from benalmádena beach, apartamento mar del sur offers free wifi.
bbq facilities are available.
the 27-hole mälarö golf club is 150 metres away.
catamaran port with connection to rijeka is located about 1 km from the total usluge.
the iconic capitol records building is 1.0 km away from hollywood downtown apartment. los angeles international airport is located 19 km away.
nearby attractions: monaco, chateau des grimaldis.
a buffet breakfast is served daily and it is prepared with local products.
centrally located in rome, richbaby is 300 metres from vittorio emanuele metro station.
luxumbourg-city is a 20-minute drive away.
these self-catering accommodations are fully equipped with modern amenities as well as satellite tv.
elefthérios venizélos airport is 40 km away.
il relais is set in the 19th-century palazzo tommasi in the heart of verona, opposite the castelvecchio castle.
the rooms come with a private bathroom.
the la strea is 5 minutes' walk from porto cesareo’s centre.
apartment rustaveli offers accommodation in tbilisi city. the air-conditioned unit is 500 metres from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre.
hotel mamatina has bright and spacious rooms with cable tv, minibars and private bathrooms.
a rocky beach is reached by a staircase from the hotel.
additional facilities available include a currency exchange and free newspapers.
taksim metro station is 350 metres from fullhouse boutique residence offering easy access to historical areas of istanbul, including topkapi palace, grand bazaar and blue mosque.
the renovated kitchen has preserved the period features as the stucco moulding ceilings have been kept.
laptop rentals and photocopying services are provided at the front desk.
the kahwah, a multi cuisine restaurant is situated in the hotel.
a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker are also provided in every room.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
ferries to mallorca, ibiza, valencia, and barcelona leave from ciutadella port, 4 km from the villa.
waldorf underground station is 800 metres from hotel zum dorfbrunnen, and offers direct access to cologne and bonn.
hostal la coline features a convenient 24-hour reception desk, as well as concierge service which can provide local information.
private bathrooms have a bathtub or shower.
a big breakfast buffet is served at the kurvilla pauline every day.
easily tour the state capitol complex or shop at the renowned governor's mall, both located close to the homewood suites tallahassee. the corporate offices of sam's club, data max and the department of health are also nearby.
luggage storage and a vending machine are available for guests' convenience.
zeespiegel b&b is only a 15-minute walk from zandvoort aan zee railway station.
birla mandir temple is 3 km from the atithi inn. the charminar mosque is 6 km away.
bed linen is offered.
sugar loaf mountain is within 7.5 km. santos dumont airport is within 12.5 km from whereinrio w09. maracanã stadium is within 14 km of the property.
extras include a desk, an outdoor seating area, and bed linens.
free parking is on site.tropea is a 30-minute drive away.
away from the property, respectively. yangon international airport is 16 km away.
the guest house is 400 metres from santo domingo church, 600 metres from september 14 square and 600 metres from cochabamba cathedral.
lunch and dinner are served at the in-house à la carte restaurant.
nossa senhora da graca church is 200 metres from santa sofia, while alexandre albuquerque square is 200 metres from the property.
all rooms at the hotel schloß tremsbüttel have a modern bathroom, high-quality furniture and a minibar.
it offers an on-site restaurant, free wifi, and free parking.
são jorge castle is a 12-minute drive away.
located moments from interstate 35, this olathe hotel is just 25 minutes’ drive from central kansas city.
all rooms have a tv and a private bathroom.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out albert dock (0.5 miles) and liverpool one shopping centre (a 5-minute walk away).
this beachfront resort is located in the secluded hermitage bay.
spacious, luxurious, and sumptuously furnished, each room at claridge’s boasts a luxury marble bathroom and peaceful views of the courtyard.
only a 3-minute walk from the zernez train station, the chrusch alba swiss lodge features a charming restaurant serving pizza from the wood-fired oven and tasty fondues.
private bathrooms come with a shower and free toiletries.
the nearest airport is sheremetyevo international airport, 11 km from na planernoy.
each room has access to shared bathroom facilities, which come with free toiletries and bathrobes.
smiltyne passenger terminal is 800 metres from family-friendly old town apartment.
the bathroom includes a hairdryer.
the old town hall with the orloj astronomical clock can be reached within 20 minutes on foot or 5 minutes by tram.
guests also enjoy a children's playground, a lovely garden and fruit trees.
apartment carrer gabriel miro offers accommodation in santa pola, 6 km from playa carabassi beach. the air-conditioned unit is 1.6 km from santa pola salt museum.
riccione train station is 1.5 km from the property.
the chalet comes with a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
free wifi is offered throughout.
this holiday home offers its guests free wi-fi.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a balcony.
it offers spacious accommodation with rental bicycles and free wifi.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator. private bathrooms also come with a shower.
rhodes town is at 60 km away.
each includes a flat-screen tv with a dvd player, wifi access, tea and coffee making facilities and private bathrooms complete with hair dryers and complimentary handmade toiletries.
the distance to sky complex is 10 km from the property.
the modern-style chalet is also 4.7 km from les houches and 13 km from les grands montets.
a variety of chinese and western dishes can be enjoyed at the hotel’s 2 restaurants.
pula airport is located 45 km away.
the bathrooms are either private, or shared.
the klopeinersee golf course is a 5-minute drive away.
the basilica of san francesco is reachable on foot in 5 minutes from the b&b.
free private parking is available on site.
ellerstraße underground stop lies only 350 metres away and offers swift connections to the city centre, düsseldorf old town and the main station.
a complimentary continental breakfast is available each morning.
olympic stadium is 9 km from villa osokorky, while expocentre of ukraine is 9 km from the property.
castellón de la plana is 43 km from casa rural la plaza, while mora de rubielos is 28 km away.
towels and bed linen are offered in this chalet.
cattolica can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
dom pod tujami is located in the quiet part of kraków and offers classically decorated rooms with free wi-fi and tvs.
this hurricane red roof inn motel offers coffee in the lobby daily and a snack bar.
its self-catering accommodation feature air conditioning and a furnished balcony with sea views. free wi-fi and free private parking are provided.
saint-emilion is 40 km away.
this hotel provides a free transfer service to phoenix sky harbor international airport, which is 4 miles away.
the property features views of the city is 39 km from balíon.
free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
free wi-fi is also available.
montreal-pierre elliott trudeau international airport is located 15 km from the property.
the well appointed rooms offer spacious bathrooms and a kitchenette with all necessary facilities.
a variety of pubs and restaurants can be found in pontresina, 5 minutes by car.
queens bay features a pool terrace offering panoramic sea and sunset views.
skiing is possible within 1000 metres.
maubert mutualité metro station offering access to line 10 is 190 metres from this hotel.
decorated in warm colours, rooms at the luis de león offer a minibar and air conditioning.
field of burnt rice is 300 metres from anis heritage house, while taman buaya buaya is 6 km from the property.
free wifi is available in all rooms.
los juncos apart is a self-catering accommodation located just 200 metres from the beach in puerto madryn.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
collaven manor is in the north west of dartmoor.
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
situated on the ambewela hills, happiness lodge is surrounded by vegetable gardens and offers rooms with views of the picturesque landscape.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen, or use property’s barbecue facilities.
additional dining options including mulberry italian ristorante and woodlawn diner are within 2 minutes’ drive.
it is 65 km from guilin railway station.
a tea/coffee maker and minibar are also provided.
the gasparroni is surrounded by popular restaurants and shops.
each room here provides guests with a tv, air conditioning, and a private bathroom with a shower.
paddington station offers underground access to the heathrow express, connecting to heathrow airport in 15 minutes.
there is a full kitchenette with an electric kettle.
the area is popular for skiing and cycling.
extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
jorge newbery airport is 10 km away.
located just 420 metres from madison square garden, this hotel in the chelsea section of manhattan has an on-site restaurant and free wifi.
guests can also relax in a separate tv lounge and a continental breakfast is on offer each morning, with views over the sea and garden.
a typical italian breakfast is offered every morning.
the apartment features free wifi.
some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
guests can experience the beautiful city from the hotel's roof, equipped with tennis courts, a swimming pool and a sun deck or relax with a massage with the hotel's spa services.
the restaurant serves breakfast daily in the stylish dining area and guests have access to a fully equipped kitchen.
di danieri hotel offers free parking upon request.
the nearest airport is varna airport, 18 km from the property.
the nearest airport is delhi international airport, 20 km from brindavanam serviced apartment.
each room includes views of the dolomites, air conditioning and a satellite tv. the private bathroom comes with a shower.
a seating area and a tv are featured in all rooms at kartanohotelli saari. each has a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities.
it features a garden with barbecue facilities, free wifi throughout, and a ski storage room.
the private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer.
each room here features a private bathroom and cable tv.
set in an 18th-century wine-making château, this b&b is 2 km from the centre of saint-estèphe, in the wine region of médoc.
free wifi is available in all areas.
free wi-fi is available in the entire building.
various restaurants and bars are a 5-minute drive from soo hotel.
during summer, a shuttle bus to the beach stops 100 metres away.
free wi-fi is provided in public areas and on-site parking is free.
free wi-fi and free private parking are provided. .
the rooms at hotel kartanesi come with modern furnishings.
the property is 550 metres from marina di cariati's sandy beach, and a short walking distance from the local shopping centre.
homestay la camera della lettura is located in rome, next to termini station.
the property is located 1 km from kempty fall and 3 km from dalai lamas temple. gaggal airport is 23 km away.
san teodoro is 13 km from le palme apartments.
both rooms have their own private bathroom with walk-in shower, separate sink and toilet. each rooms comes with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
bad füssing train station is an 8-minute walk away, and the a3 motorway is a 12 km drive.
tambor is 47 km from la paloma blanca.
the bus station is close by, at 200 metres from the apartments, and buses run from there to the airport.
the nearest airport is lombok international airport, a 25-minute drive from origin lombok.
the tipi tents are raised off the ground on wooden decks, fully carpeted and have picnic tables outside.
offering a children's playground and terrace, guest house zordania is situated in batumi, 100 metres from piazza. free private parking is available on site.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out flamengo beach (6.7 km). galeão airport is located 19 km from the property.
each morning the hot breakfast may consist of belgium waffles, eggs, yogurt and fruit.
rooms include a private bathroom with free toiletries.
you can play table tennis at the resort.
the restaurant serves international cuisine.
there is a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries in each unit.
the villa is composed of 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, fitted with a bath.
free wi-fi access and a flat-screen tv are part of every room at the atlanta motel. they have a microwave and a refrigerator and are furnished with a work desk.
breakfast at la stua is buffet style and there is also a barbecue in the garden and a number of traditional alpine lounges.
chichén-itzá is 35 minutes’ drive away.
a continental breakfast is served each morning at villa chems hamra.
metres away from a green forest and pebbly beach, hotel pula offers an small outdoor pool and a gym with a sauna. guests can benefit from a jogging trail and tennis courts that can be found in the vicinity.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a tv and dvd player.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
cross-country ski trails pass directly by the property.
bang rak pier is only 400 metres away and 1.2 km from jungle minigolf.
free wifi access is provided.
talise spa features overwater treatment rooms.
monte do caneiro is a rustic guest house situated in the countryside of luz mourão.
the funchal centre is 1 km away and features various restaurants and cafés.
offering a spa centre and a private beach area, apartments imeritinskiy is located in adler. sochi discovery world aquarium is 8 km away.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
there also is a vending machine providing hot and cold drinks.
the scenic town of kastoria is 25 km away.
the city express ciudad de méxico alameda is just minutes from the palace of fine arts, the metropolitan cathedral and alameda park.
offering wonderful views of berchtesgaden’s mountains, this family-run guest house offers bavarian cuisine and a sauna.
all rooms offer a view of the surrounding countryside.
free wifi access is available and 3 daily meals are included.
air-conditioned rooms also include a cable tv with additional film channels and a work desk.
each room at guesthouse all nations features a fan or air conditioning, and is fitted with crisp white linen.
set in rivne, this apartment is 18 km from babin.
flagey square with its many bars and restaurants is 700 metres away.
the thandi restaurant serves breakfast and light pre-packed snacks only, and in-room dining services are not available.
they come with dining table and living area with a plasma satellite tv.
the hotel serves a buffet breakfast.
private parking is available on site. you can find an outdoor pool with sun beds and a children's playground on site.
located right on the pebbled beach of gerolimenas, the stone-built pyrgoi theodorakaki: gerolimenas offers traditional accommodation with sea or mountain views.
seminarhotel lihn enjoys a quiet location in filzbach on the kerenzerberg plateau.
this homestay is 100 km from côte d'azur airport.
they all include a private pool and an outdoor dining area.
boasting its own activities room and courses, as well as a gym, guests will also find free rental bikes at sport- und freizeitzentrum haus unterjoch.
room service is available for limited number of hours.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
free entrance is provided for 2 hours, in winter, at wasserwelt amadé, while in summer, guests have full access.
flat-screen tv and a free wi-fi connection are also provided.
recently renovated, they have kept their traditional style and charm, whilst featuring modern and luxurious amenities.
the moselle river is just 1 km from the guest house.
intercontinental century city chengdu is a 20-minute drive from shuangliu international airport.
secrets spa offers 10 treatment rooms as well as a sauna and a relaxation lounge.
some rooms feature a balcony.
the hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
the air-conditioned rooms include free wi-fi and cable tv.
the property has free private parking.
a washing machine and a kitchen are provided.
with a private beachfront, tree-top spa and free wifi in rooms, it offers a 750 m2 outdoor pool, one of the largest in maldives. staff is able to converse in english, russian, arabic, japanese, thai and mandarin chinese.
the guest house is located just 2 km from the a3 motorway, providing connections to wiesbaden (60 km) and frankfurt am main (75 km).
the property offers free parking.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
each day at the little paris starts with a croissant breakfast or varied buffet breakfast.
at alcheringa you will find a garden and a terrace.
each room at candiani is air conditioned and features a minibar and satellite tv.
heraklion international airport is 30 km away.
résidence baillenia is located in a residential area of saint-jean-de-luz just 1 km away from the sea.
the town centre is 800 metres down the road and there is a cross-country ski trail just 250 metres away from the house.
set nearby the sacred valley of tulipe, urcu de mindo lodge features an outdoor pool, tropical gardens and free wi-fi in public areas.
the property offers free public parking on the road.
valbuna agritur also features a garden with barbecue facilities and a ski storage room.
7days inn xi'an railway station east plaza is located in xi'an.
each room has a simple berber décor and includes a private bathroom with a shower.
wifi and parking are included.
silvestre hotel features a restaurant with regional cuisine, a bar and offers a daily buffet.
business facilities can also be provided at a surcharge.
the property boasts views of the city and is 7 km from dalt vila.
all accommodation at hotel santa cruz has air conditioning and a private bathroom.
sheridan county airport is 2 miles away.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 25 km from the property.
the 4-star best western hotel excelsior offers individually furnished guest rooms painted in warm pastel tones, which are spread over 4 floors.
a ski storage room can be used at the geigenkamm house as well.
free parking is available on site and luggage storage is offered at the front desk.
just a 10-minute walk from dobbiaco centre, hotel union is 400 metres from dobbiaco station and campo di rienza ski run.
ponte milvio is 1.1 km from flaminio b&b moduloray, while roma stadio olimpico is 1.2 km from the property.
the resort is entirely surrounded by limestone cliffs and is only accessible by boat.
guests at hosteria koonek are welcome to make use of the communal facilities, which include a shared kitchen with a refrigerator and a tv with satellite channels.
this fully furnished rental apartment is situated in the centre of the subtropical city posadas near de paraná river bank.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
central copenhagen can be reached within an hour by car, while sorø golf club is 5 minutes’ drive away.
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, stove, kettle and fridge.
private bathrooms with bathroom toiletries can be found in all rooms.
all air-conditioned accommodation at the js alcudi-mar has simple décor with parquet floors.
accommodation features air conditioning, a patio and a seating area.
self-catering accommodation here comes equipped with a tv, kitchenette and dishwasher. you will also find a sofa, fireplace and garden views.
the old town of sozopol is a 15-minute walk away, as well as sozopol bus station.
eyre square can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
all cottages are air conditioned and feature a seating area.
less than 10 km from both the austrian and slovenian borders, the trieste hotel is well located for excursions to villach and even ljubljana.
guests can visit chuan spa at the langham huntington, pasadena. the spa features 12 treatment rooms including a couple’s suite and vip suite, locker facilities with showers, sauna, herbal steam and whirlpool, a fitness center and full service salon. the luxurious spa offers signature treatments inspired by traditional chinese medicine (tcm), cutting-edge skin care technology and boutique product lines.
the łódź international fair is only 900 metres away from the hotel.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 22 km from the property.
the nearest airport is milan linate airport, 8 km from milano weekend house.
the rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv. some units have a seating area where you can relax.
the property is located right on the beach.
the hotel rooms come with a desk and a flat-screen tv.
the property offers free parking.
you can also take advantage of the water sports or boat excursions that are provided in the bay.
the bus ride takes only 20 minutes.
they can also relax on the stone-built large terrace with sun-loungers and day beds by the pool.
chenonceau chateau is 22 minutes by car and tours is a 31-minute drive.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
the centre of alghero is reachable in less than 10 minutes by car. paradiso residence is 40 km from sassari.
free wifi is available.
each features a seating area and a well-equipped kitchen with stove and fridge.
guests can enjoy the on-site fitness centre and indoor saline pool at the milford holiday inn express.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a tv with satellite channels. you will find a kettle in the room. each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
the cours saleya fower market in the old town is a 10-minute walk away.
for convenience, guests have the use of a fully equipped kitchen.
an italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily.
at barry's country retreat you will find a tennis court, meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
the apartments also offer either a balcony and city views, or a fireplace in the lounge area.
cocktails can be enjoyed at legrande lounge.
the rokn’s front desk is available 24 hours a day and can provide information about activities in the area.
it offers outdoor furniture and bbq facilities.
flåm and the famous flåm railway is 1.5 hours away by car.
breakfast, lunch, dinner and room service are offered at 024 grille.
located 500 metres from guangzhou south railway station, nanzhan apartment offers simply decorated rooms in panyu district, guangzhou.
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also offered.
bligny vittadini tram station is 100 metres away and parking is available nearby.
all air conditioned, rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom includes a large shower and a bidet.
being a renovated monastery, the rooms are former monks' cells.
famous alcazaba moorish castle is 2 km away and you can walk to the city center ion 20 minutes.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with hot-water showers.
conference rooms can accommodate up to 200 people.
free private parking is available on site.
chalets and apartments at presbytère open out to a mountain-view balcony.
you can park your car in the private parking area.
you can also enjoy your dinner with live music on specific days.
paddington tube station is just 5 minutes' walk away and offers 10-minute connections to regent's park, home to the zsl london zoo.
hiking and cycling can be enjoyed in north york moors national park, as well as horse riding and water sports.
with bright rooms, the rustic-style house features a living room with flat-screen tv and fireplace.
pacific rim national park reserve is 10 km from the pacific rim water’s edge.
this modern hotel is located in salamanca’s galerías shopping centre.
the pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and is fitted with a cable flat-screen tv. some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
wi-fi access and parking are provided for free.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with fridge.
a children's playground is also available.
butler services are also included.
this seaside five bedroom holiday cottage accommodates up to fourteen people and includes, billiards, a sunbed, a sauna, and an indoor swimming pool. additionally the large outdoor area offers a myriad of play facilities like a trampoline, football goals and a badminton net.
most rooms and suites also include a seating area with satellite tv, and an en suite bathroom with bath.
horse riding, table tennis and a game room are all available at the hotel.
it features a luxury spa centre and rooms with an lcd tv and free wifi access.
featuring free wifi, all apartments offer sea views.
foresteria santa chiara is a 5-minute walk from the garden of estense that also features a small lake.
free car and boat parking is provided.
free use of bicycles is available at this homestay and the area is popular for cycling.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
the property has a shared lounge/tv area, which allows for mingling of like-minded travellers.
horse-riding facilities are available nearby.
royal golf club des fagnes is 15 minutes away by car.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
nearest bar, restaurant and grocery shop are also in the immediate vicinity.
day trips can be arranged to local attractions including cologne cathedral and chocolate museum, a 15-minute drive away.
overlooking the magaluf beach, the flamboyan caribe hotel has an outdoor swimming pool, free spa and direct access to the beach.
some units include air conditioning.
free wi-fi is available in the entire property.
this 2-bedroom apartment combines a relaxed style with a modern feel. each bedroom has its singular décor, and the bathroom comes with a bath.
the miraflores district with its many bars and restaurants is a 15-minute drive away.
catanzaro lido is 20 km away.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
paradis hotel features free wifi .
the property provides free private parking on site, and is 20 km from pitigliano.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out coast museum juist (2.7 km).
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
guests may work out at the well-equipped fitness centre or enjoy treatments at the beauty salon.
for dinner, you can enjoy fresh fish or grilled dishes accompanied with sea views.
numerous bars and restaurants serving local and international cuisine are within walking distance, and supermarkets open till late can be found nearby.
wi-fi is free in shared areas.
new york state fairgrounds is 14 minutes' drive away.
the rooms offer air conditioning, a fridge, hairdryer and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
some have 2 bathrooms.
there is a cosy living room with a fireplace, sofa and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
mes amis offers 2 lounges equipped with books and board games.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer, bathrobe and a shower.
they include air conditioning, cable tv and private bathroom with amenities.
the hotel offers a public bath, a restaurant and free wi-fi access.
located in giaveno in the piedmont region, 30 km from turin, rifugio la madlena boasts a children's playground and views of the mountains.
variety of menus for each day from local dishes to international cuisine are prepared.
located in dubrovnik, apartment pero offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access. the property is 2 km away from dubrovnik old town, while the nearest beach is 500 metres away.
guests can enjoy city view from the room.
there is flat-screen satellite tv, a playstation and a music system.
the nearest airport is simferopol international airport, 117 km from the property.
some accommodation offers a spa bath or hot tub.
there is an adventure park 300 metres away.
the in-house o'learys sports bar offers wide-screen tvs and classic american diner food.
they offer a wardrobe, a desk and an en suite bathroom with hot and cold shower facilities.
extras include a desk and bed linen.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
free wifi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site.
guests can relax by the pool or on the terrace.
at hotel hemkunt you will find a 24-hour front desk.
pula airport is located 37 km from apartments anica.
the restaurant is reserved to guests and features a sea-view terrace.
centre of mielec is 3 km away.
featuring a spacious garden with an outdoor pool and impressive views of the mountains, las cortaderas casa de huespedes is a holiday home in chacras de coria. the property has free wifi access.
federico garcía lorca airport is 68 km away.
shops and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the apartment.
the villa comes with an open-plan dining and lounge area with a flat-screen tv. the fully-equipped kitchen includes a dishwasher. a spa bath and washing machine can be found in the bathrooms.
santiago international airport is located 87 km away.
towels and bed linen are available at apartamento strachan 11.
the wielka krokiew ski jump is a 15-minute walk from the property.
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport, 8 km from mieszkanie czteropokojowe nad morzem.
other facilities at lomakoti tuulensuoja include a hot tub and terrace.
the hotel also offers bike hire.
apartment pizzo *lxxxiii * is a holiday home situated in pizzo, 26 km from tropea. the unit is 33 km from santa maria.
city over monte carlo offers self-catering apartment in beausoleil.
the living rooms feature an historic tiled stove.
red river zoo is 5 minutes' drive from this hotel.
terraços de benagil villas have air conditioning, and include a living area with flat-screen tvs.
free wifi is available.
the hotel boasts a central location in a peaceful district and offers easy access to the entire city via the nearby public transport network.
city quartier berlin is set in a typical berlin apartment house with wooden floors and high ceilings.
all major tourist sites are within walking distance.
shuttle services to the airport can be arranged at an extra cost.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, meeting facilities and a games room.
all units include a seating area.
located in villié-morgon, in the heart of beaujolais, gîte le chêne du py offers self-catering accommodation featuring a garden and a terrace.
vitoria is an hour’s drive away, while bilbao airport can be reached in 1.5 hours by car.
the spacious bedrooms at the victoria each have a private modern bathroom with free toiletries.
with views of the patio, all the rooms and suites at riad le rihani are individually decorated and feature a tv, air-conditioning and a private bathroom.
it offers its guests daily breakfast included with the rate.
all guest rooms feature traditional décor and a private bathroom with shower.
elegantly furnished and air-conditioned rooms come with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
gouvon beach is at 15 km.
other facilities offered include a vending machine featuring beverages.
a sandy beach is about 500 metres away and palanga’s popular pedestrian basanaviciaus street is 3 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
offering a restaurant, hotel bill palace is located in new delhi.
the best western l’oree is located a few minutes from paris’s porte d’orleans, in a 6-hectare garden.
leiteland offers pet-friendly accommodation in volda. ålesund is 37 km away.
later, guests can head to the bar to enjoy a cocktail.
the hotel is 1.5 km from the mumbakonam bus stand and kumbakonam railway station.
they feature cable tv and a private bathroom.
boasting two spacious shaded terraces, the bedrooms which are located on the second floor features air conditioning and fans and are accessible by an external staircase.
fan-cooled rooms come fitted with a comfortable sofa, satellite tv and safety deposit box.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
the private bathrooms are complete with amenities.
in-room facilities include a flat-screen tv and hairdryer.
they also offer a private bathroom, electric blankets and a dining table.
rooms here will provide you with a patio and a seating area.
restaurants and shops can be found a few steps away from the guest house and beach bars can be reached in a few minutes’ walk.
guests can reach pico ruivo, madeira’s highest peak, with a 10-km drive.
free wi-fi access is available in public areas of the property.
the tiara chateau hotel mont royal chantilly is located just 35 minutes from paris, surrounded by the chantilly forest and only a 17-minute drive from asterix theme park.
they are surrounded by private gardens and come with an en-suite bathroom, tv and an electronic safe.
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
most of them open onto the garden and offer views of the green areas.
the domestic kitchen is open all day for guests and is fully stocked with milk, juice, eggs, bread, bacon and cheese, allowing guests to cook their own meals any time of the day.
located in the cotentin, 1 km from cherbourg and set in an old house from the 18th century, maison duchevreuil offers a large garden and a terrace. the sea and the beaches are just 2 km away.
shower facilities and free organic toiletries are provided in each private bathroom.
the saalbach hinterglemm ski area is 2 km away.
views of prague can be taken delight from.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property. shared facilities include a nespresso coffee machine, a fridge, a dining area and a washing machine.
apartment alberto 1 also includes a sun terrace. the property also offers grocery delivery.
the kitchen features a dishwasher.
situated in the centre of kazincbarcika, ambrózia étterem és panzió offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant with hungarian and international cuisine and free private parking. wi-fi is available.
minimundo theme park is 2.3 km away.
enjoying a quiet location on the top of the hill in the au peninsula, landgasthof halbinsel au is surrounded by vineyards and offers panoramic views of the lake zurich and the alps.
the top-floor sky bar is a spectacular spot to relax, dine or take a drink while watching the passing boat traffic.
this pet and children friendly property offers ski storage and is surrouned by a deer park.
all apartments and studios have a fully equipped kitchen, parquet floors and cable tv.
the complex includes a well-tended garden and a children's playground.
cherry capital airport is 4 km away.
livorno is a 35-minute drive from the property.
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area and a flat-screen tv.
viking village, as well as l'anse aux meadows and sir wilfred grenfell house, are about 100 km away.
bed linen and towels are included.
kitchens include an oven, hob, fridge/freezer and a microwave, whilst all kitchenware is provided.
free private parking is available.
this spacious apartment is situated in a peaceful residential area on the outskirts of rust. ferienwohnung gruseck is around a 15-minute walk from the famous europa-park leisure park.
all have air conditioning or a fan, heating and satellite tv.
all rooms are air conditioned and have a balcony, laptop safe and cable tv.
a skate park, a children’s playground, a bakery and food market are about 500 metres away.
guests can enjoy breakfast, which is served daily at the on-site restaurant.
limniones village is 5 km away, while thymiana is 3 km away from the property.
continental breakfast is available for a surcharge.
the surrounding area is ideal for outdoor activities, such as hiking and fishing.
guests can start their day with a breakfast including homemade jams and fresh fruits, while mediterranean flavours prepared with organic ingredients are also served at the a la carte restaurant.
free wifi is accessible in all areas of the property and on-site parking is available without charge upon reservation.
sanya dadong sea weilan art traveler's home offers stylish beachfront accommodation and a bar.
there are several restaurants available within a radius of 5 km.
each unit will provide you with a minibar, electric kettle and coffee machine.
all beds in the dormitory room feature air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and shared room with shower facilities.
situated just 50 metres from la enramada beach in tenerife, h10 costa adeje palace features large outdoor pools, a hot tub and spa.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and refrigerator.
you will also find lots of scenic hiking and cycling trails close to the hotel.
guests enjoy free use of surfboards and boogie boards.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers in each unit.
the hotel can organise airport transfer or help you to hire a car.
regular city buses to the city of arts and sciences leave from a stop just outside.
the hotel is a short walk from the megalithic site of locmariaquer and 1 kilometre from the beaches.
brazilian and international dishes are served in the hotel's welcoming restaurant, and guests can also enjoy 24-hour room service.
bad lauterberg train station lies 5.3 km from the apartments, and the a38 motorway is a 30-minute drive.
located 200 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the hvar heritage museum, vesna apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in the town of hvar.
hotel sole malcesine features a buffet restaurant specialising in italian cuisine and local dishes.
the medieval city of plasencia is a 10-minute drive away, and cáceres can be reached in just over an hour by car.
there are also several restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the apartment.
it offers guestrooms with free wi-fi internet access for up to 6 guests and free onsite parking.
each room comes with a fridge, a dining area, and a bathroom with a shower.
kordon hotel alsancak enjoys a central location in downtown izmir. it is 100 metres from the kordon coastline, and is 10 minutes’ walk to the konak pier shopping center.
on request, breakfast is available every morning. half board is available in cooperation with a partner hotel, 500 metres away.
on-site parking is free, and triberg train station is 6.5 km away.
dalaman airport is 28 km away.
the resort is 10 km from saint-raphaël and 43 km from saint-tropez.
a range of drinks is provided at the bar.
they both have a kitchen too.
swimming and fishing in the lake are other area activities.
the hotel offers a choice of spacious overground or underground rooms.
each with a private pool amidst a lush garden with olive and fruit trees, villas armeno enjoy panoramic views of the ionian sea.
situated in the centre of puigcerdà, fonda cerdanya offers a cosy lounge and simple rooms with free wi-fi.
overlooking the mediterranean sea, this 5-star hotel, which was built taking inspiration from traditional turkish architectural style on 130.000 m2 of land between pine forests, features an aqua park with 16 water-slides.
the property also offers spacious dormitory rooms with lots of natural light.
a bus, with direct links to asti, stops 300 metres from la corte di gerardo.
the baltic sea is located 1.5 km from the upmalnieki.
en suite bathrooms offer a hairdryer, shower facilities and free toiletries.
chez christophe & nathalie is a self-catering accommodation located in prémanon.
en suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
a 5-minute drive will take you to the nearest restaurants, cafés and shops in genk’s centre.
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling, and the hotel offers free bicycle storage.
rubinsøen skovhus is located in hasle and can accommodate up to eight people.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
just 7 minutes’ drive from nautical park of sorel - marina de saurel, this motel offers an outdoor pool and hot tub.
located a few steps from milan’ naviglio pavese canal, naviglio pavese apartment is modernly furnished and comes with free wifi access throughout.
guests can count on 24-hour front desk assistance and book tours at the onsite tour desk.
at villa marienholm you will find a garden and free parking.
larnaca international airport is located 65 km away.
fitted with a seating area, air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a wardrobe.
it features an outdoor pool and a restaurant. it provides free parking and free wi-fi in the entire property.
all rooms are equipped with a satellite tv.
a buffet breakfast is available daily consisting of sweet and savoury products such as cakes, croissant, cold meats and cheese.
superior rooms include a spa bath or a sauna. a tv is provided.
located just a 10-minute walk from the beach in théoule-sur-mer, villa i max offers a private outdoor pool and a sun terrace. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
the property offers free parking.
hosteria posada drake is 800 metres from puerto san julian bus terminal station.
it offers free wifi access throughout.
snowflower retreat by tahoe vacation rentals is 14 km from alpine meadows ski resort and 14.5 km from sqauw valley resort.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
a rich breakfast buffet is provided each morning.
it is an ideal start point for exploring belgrade by night.
the town’s centre is within 500 metres.
sandy beach hotel is a 30-minute drive from fujairah city and 1.5 hours from dubai.
the drillers baseball field is within a 10-minute drive.
free on-site parking and around-the-clock front desk service is provided.
kite surfing, scuba diving and boat rental are all possible just outside the hotel.
guests of the hostel use the shared bathrooms.
the well-equipped kitchen at el nido comes with microwave, fridge, coffee maker and hob.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
there is also a children’s swimming pool, as well as sun terraces and attractive gardens.
two bathrooms are available being one of them ensuite.
the unit is a few steps from labyrinth -musical workshop, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
traditional multi-course meals are served for dinner at the guests’ rooms or at the dining room.
mugla city centre is a 30-minute drive away and there are regional buses running hourly.
some villas also have a dishwasher.
located a 5-minute walk from mestre train station, sweet house is a self-catering accommodation with a balcony, a flat-screen tv and a washing machine.
the hotel is surrounded by gardens and beautiful natural scenery, and offers free wi-fi throughout the hotel.
it offers a sauna and air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv and mini fridge.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit.
guests will be 4 minutes' drive from west palm beach train station and 10 minutes' drive from palm beach zoo.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a dining area and full kitchen equipped with a refrigerator, stovetop, oven, and microwave are also included.
the air-conditioned rooms at the matarese come with tv and tiled floors.
each room has a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and free toiletries.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
set just outside linguaglossa, it is inside the etna regional park.
it takes about a 10-minute drive from the villa to mertasari beach, and a 15-minute drive to sanur beach. the shops and restaurants at danau tamblingan street are reachable within a 10-minute drive also.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing, horse riding and cycling.
the borghi is a 4-star hotel. all rooms come with hydromassage bath or shower, spacious interiors, satellite tv and wi-fi internet.
agrinio is 40 km from 2 alonia, while thermo is 42 km from the property.
featuring wooden furnishings, rooms have a minibar, fridge and work desk.
located only a 2-minute walk from houshayu subway station (line 15), three kingdoms dingsheng cultural boutique hotel features comfortable rooms in beijing.
located in the heart of circular quay, sydney opera house apartment offers free wi-fi, an indoor pool and a fitness centre.
other holy attraction like pashupatinath temple is 8 km away while swayambhunath stupa is 6 km away.
massages, beauty treatments, and a fitness room are also available.
tuba rest house is located in a small fishing kampung (village) on tuba island, off the coast of langkawi.
opening to a patio with sea, garden and mountain views, the air-conditioned holiday apartment oasis includes a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area.
logan airport is 62 km from the property.
just 3 miles from ilford, apple lodge is situated in london, a 2-minute walk from east ham tube station.
union station-downtown toronto is 40 minutes' away.
the home contains two bedrooms; one with a double bed and one with a bunk bed.
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
towels and bed linen are available at apartment na sharikopodshipnikovskoy.
located on the university of houston’s campus, this hotel features an on-site restaurant and spacious rooms with free wi-fi and a 37-inch flat-screen tv. texas medical center is 4.3 miles away.
as an alternative, a wide selection of restaurants and street food can be found near the property within 200 metres.
every room at principe di vallescura has a balcony with sea views.
a stately mansion in a seaside village, where classic hospitality is merged with contemporary comforts... what could be more enticing?
located in cesme, cesme ada hotel features a spacious green garden with a restaurant. cesme's popular beach clubs are within a walking distance.
the pod karlovem tram station is a 5-minute walk away and provides connection to the city centre.
madonna del sasso church is 1.7 km from piccolo paradis, while cardada - cimetta is 2.5 km away.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge or directly in your room.
there are shops, restaurants and bars located in sant carles de la rapita.
restaurant degersand is within 800 metres.
guests at the hotel rheinischer hof also enjoy a complimentary ticket for the use of the local transport network during their stay.
additional features include free private parking.
conveniently located 1 km away from the beach, dimovi guest house features complimentary wifi, free parking and an outdoor dining area.
fitted with wooden flooring, all rooms come with heating, a flat-screen cable tv, a seating area, a work desk, an electric kettle and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower.
the hotel und restaurant glück auf offers a garage for motorbikes.
each one overlooks the surrounding mountains and has an lcd tv with cable and pay-per-view channels.
located in the centre of dubrovnik and overlooking dubrovnik old town and walls, apartment rimac is an air-conditioned, modernly furnished apartment with free wi-fi.
room service options are also available.
great connections to central tbilisi are offered from the lev kachinsky street bus stop (30 metres away) and 300 aragveli metro station (300 metres away).
right next to golem beach and a 5-minute walk from town centre, hotel miraxhi 2 features free wi-fi, free parking, air-conditioned rooms and a restaurant with terrace.
it is 1 km from twickenham stadium.
wareham rail station is a 2-minute drive from the property, and monkey world is just 7 minutes' drive away.
located along the harderwijk boulevard, hotel allure lounge & dinner offers modern design accommodation with free wi-fi overlooking the wolderwijd.
the bed and breakfast has a barbecue and views of the mountain, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
has a washing machine, and the living room features a sofa bed and cable tv.
the shores of the lake maggiore are 12 km away.
fitted with beamed ceilings, wooden stairs and traditional decorative items, the villa has 2 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with dining area, and a living room with flat-screen tv and a bookcase.
las américas international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
upon prior reservation, dinners with local produce can be enjoyed in the dining room, which offers a panoramic view of the surrounding nature.
the property offers free private parking.
a photo and cabinet hang on the wall.
the staff provide phone assistance throughout your stay.
a well-equipped kitchen or kitchenette is at guests' disposal and the bathroom comes with a shower cabin.
bed linen and towels are provided.
other facilities at holiday home stantsiya solnechnaya include a barbecue.
hearty cuisine is served in the on-site restaurant.
the bathrooms come with a bath or a shower, as well as a hairdryer.
museum kunstpalast art gallery is 3 km from ferienwohnung düsseldorf messe, and the goethe museum can be reached in 15 minutes using public transport.
free parking is available on-site.
tivat airport is 18 km away via ferry, and dubrovnik airport is 30 km away.
free public parking is available at a location nearby.
it provides free private parking.
it features an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and spacious rooms with free wi-fi access.
each apartment also has a bathroom with a shower.
villanyi apartman is 2 km from the matthias church & fisherman's bastion and 2.4 km from the chain bridge.
other facilities include a washing machine.
there are also excellent walking and hiking opportunities around irinoula dreams and the friendly owners are happy to help you with any information you may need.
you will find a garden here. free wifi access is also available.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
die waldruhe naturhotel has a garden with sun terrace and children's playground.
pécs bus station is 800 metres away.
the property boasts views of the mountains.
some rooms also offer scenic views.
individual and unique décor is provided in each room at hotel kullaberg, as well as antique furniture, exposed beams and persian carpets.
patta serves fine selections of thai and international cuisines.
chambre d'hôtes de la carriere romaine is 1 km from le carré contemporary art museum, 1.5 km from notre-dame cathedral in nîmes and 2 km from esplanade charles de gaulle.
located less than a 5-minute drive from chiomonte and 5 km from susa train station, villaggio val di sogno features sel-catering accommodation with free private parking on site.
set in a traditional country house on the edge of the northern black forest, these apartments are quietly located in the village of mitteltal. spacious accommodation with balconies and internet access are offered here.
free parking can be found outside the apartments and a nearby bus stop provides regular links to solsona, 16 km away.
the nearest airport is kazan international airport, 27 km from apartmant na amirhana.
an oven, a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
the property features rooms with private or shared bathrooms.
occheuteal beach is 900 metres from dongdong guesthouse 咚咚旅社, while samudera supermarket is 1.3 km from the property.
cyprian's guest house offers air-conditioned rooms in calangute. the property is decorated with traditional indian décor and furnishings and has a small exterior garden.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
after a day skiing or hiking, guests can relax in the sauna or hot tub.
dining options include asian and seafood specialities at quali restaurant, and mediterranean with lombok twist at quah restaurant and nooq tapas bar.
hampton inn clemson rooms offer free wi-fi and 32-inch flat-screen tvs with hbo.
breakfast is optional and at a surcharge.
the rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors, traditional shoji paper screens and japanese futon bedding.
free private parking is available at the holiday home, and it is 450 metres to werder (havel) train station.
etazhi apartments at soyuznaya is a self-catering accommodation located in yekaterinburg, within a 5-minute walk of chkalovskaya metro station and yuzhny bus station.
come home to a sundowner cocktail after a busy day of sightseeing or business dealings, safe in the knowledge that a quiet, comfortable night’s sleep awaits you.
the closest supermarket and a bus stop are just 50 metres away.
other facilities at patong tower superior apartments include an outdoor pool.
there is a restaurant and a 24-hour front desk.
each room at this inn is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
some units include a seating area where you can relax.
enjoy in-villa dining with a private chef or head to local restaurants located within a 5-minute ride away.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port are at a distance of 5.5 km.
each suite features quality hungarian goose down bedding, egyptian cotton towelling and bathrobes.
some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
some rooms boast a terrace or balcony with beautiful views.
the hotel is located in front of notre-dame basilica and is a 10-minute walk from place massena.
all rooms have a tv, hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities.
the hotel also has a business centre and 24-hour front desk.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a flat-screen satellite tv and free wi-fi.
on monday evenings raclette is served.
the modern and air-conditioned rooms at aone hotel include a flat-screen cable tv, a fridge and clothes racks.
every room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv with cable channels.
the property provides free private parking on site, and is located 1 km from the centre of palau, while olbia-costa smeralda airport is a 50-minute drive away.
lang shan mountain is 2 km away from this property.
afterwards, you can make use of the inviting outdoor pool, which is surrounded by a number of comfortable loungers.
guests can enjoy free wi-fi access.
london gatwick airport is 26 km away.
the hotel provides a living room with a fireplace and library, a sunbed and bathrobe rental.
private check-in/out, garden, terrace, sun deck, and a tour desk are offered at this property.
public parking spaces are available nearby free of charge.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including hiking.
most rooms have private terraces, some with a sea view.
front desk is attended 24 hours a day.
other facilities offered at the property include a vending machine.
local specialities and a variety of drinks are offered at the restaurant.
this adult-only bed and breakfast is 3 miles from kailua- kona and 8 miles from kona international airport at keahole (koa).
fontainebleau is only a 20-minute drive away.
guests are invited to prepare home-cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and microwave.
free private parking is available on site and works on a rotation basis.
the property offers luggage storage for guests’ convenience.
the hotel has a 24-hour reception, a souvenir shop that has a selection of local products, and drinks vending machines.
palace room restaurant serves an à la carte menu each evening for an elegant fine-dining experience.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
the air-conditioned suites at riad hizad are elegantly decorated in a moroccan style and have a view on the patio. they each include an en suite bathroom and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the city beach on the volkhov riverbank is 15 minutes’ walk from hotel novgorodskaya, and velikiy novgorod train station is 5 minutes’ drive away.
this 18th century farmhouse offers an outdoor pool and a lush garden filled with chestnut and oak trees.
the apartment at cheval spa residence features 1 bedroom, a furnished living room with a tv and a sofa bed. it has a simple décor and includes a private bathroom with a bath.
each studio at apartamentos central city has 2 single beds and a tv.
the city of split, known for its riva promenade and unesco-protected diocletian's palace is at a distance of 9 km.
each has a fully equipped kitchen with stove, microwave and kitchenware.
there is a playground 20 metres from the villa.
the bernardine monastery is 2.1 km from luxury apartment on oleksandra olesya 25d, while volodymyr ivasyuk monument is 2.1 km from the property.
the apartment features a flat-screen tv with cable channels, and exit to the garden with sun loungers and a small pavilion, a well-equipped kitchen with dishwasher, a living room, and a bathroom.
free parking is available on site.
you can play squash at the homestay.
rooms come with an en suite bathroom equipped with a bidet, hot shower facility and free toiletries.
simply furnished, the traditional rooms are fitted with korean interiors and a floor-heating system.
they include a minibar, hairdryer and pay-per-view channels.
ferry, bus and train stations are 500 metres from the property.
hotel las casas de la judería is set within 27 traditional sevillan houses, connected by passages and courtyards. it offers a rooftop swimming pool, spa, traditional andalusian patios and classic décor.
located a 5-minute walk from the beach in omiš, apartments beautiful view features self-catering accommodation with views of the sea.
all apartments feature a furnished balcony or terrace, satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower.
the schloß meisdorf golf club can be reached in 20-minutes by car.
guests can also relax in the elegant bar fifty nine and in the vintage wine room.
extras include cable channels.
the countryside and surrounding mountains offer opportunities for hiking.
the property is 1 km from biarritz media centre and features views of the garden.
a flat-screen tv is provided in every contemporary guest room of this atlanta hotel as well as an ipod docking station.
bungalows are also available.
kacha restaurant serves daily breakfast from 07:00-10:00 and italian cuisine for dinner.
located in a building accessible by stairs only, times square studio 46 offers accommodation in new york. times square is 200 metres from the property.
guests can also prepare hot meals and snacks at the common kitchen area.
boasting a prime location in a road parallel to kurfürstendamm, this welcoming hotel occupies a typical, old berlin-style building within walking distance of various shops, restaurants, theatres and cafes.
breakfast is served daily, sweet and savoury options with homemade produce are available upon request.
cascais beach is 3.7 km away and the tamariz beach is 5.4 km away.
breakfast is continental-style, while the restaurant serves both local specialities and classic italian cuisine.
a 2-minute walk from wat phnom, king guesthouse offers free wi-fi access throughout its premises.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing.
museum of skiing is 2.9 km from wakacyjny dom dawidówka.
this small property is a 10-minute walk from saint pierre train station, with frequent links to aosta.
just 80 metres from the beach of bali in crete, athina apartments features a pool, a poolside bar and a restaurant with a sea-view sun terrace.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
situated in the tokyo bay area in odaiba, this property is the closest city resort hotel to central tokyo.
decorated in rustic-style with hardwood furniture, the villa features a well equipped kitchen with dining area, cable tv and a bathroom with a bath tub.
situated in otopeni, 200 metres from the amethyst medical center and 12 km from bucharest, vicky rooms boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
guided hikes are available.
set in rokytnice nad jizerou, the guest house is 300 metres away from the local bus station 2 km from lysa hora.
they will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
located just 400 metres from wernigerode castle in wernigerode, pension an der stadtmauer offers a beer garden, restaurant and free wifi.
centrally located in parikia, the cycladic-style damias village is set amidst a blossomed garden and offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
rest apartments on kavkazsky bulvar is set 48 km from sheremetyevo international airport.
a grocery shop and a restaurant are in the immediate vicinity.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
international cuisine and regional specialties are served at the hotel saarblick restaurant.
fully air-conditioned, spacious guestrooms feature modern interiors and furnishings.
hotel yadanarbon mandalay is within a 5-minute drive from mandalay railway station and mandalay royal palace.
the restaurant is a 2-minute walk away and serves traditional dishes from emilia romagna.
room service is also available 24 hours a day.
with a kitchenette, the apartments have a seating area.
the hotel is 4 km from riva del garda, reachable by car or via a cycling path.
there is a restaurant at the hotel which specialises in traditional polish and regional cuisine.
each room includes a private bathroom.
willa pod brzyzkiem is located in zakopane, 1.5 km from ugory ski lift.
the accommodation is fitted with a well-equipped kitchen, dining area, living room, a flat-screen satellite tv, and a cd/dvd player.
humewood beach is a 5-minute drive away from st. phillips.
casa agua canela is located in quito, just 5 km from the historic centre.
guests will stay either in a western-style room with 6 tatami beds or in a japanese-style room with 6 futon mats.
guests can book polo lessons with the hotel’s 5 polo ponies.
garden grille & bar prepares american fare for breakfast and lunch while on-site pavilion pantry offers beverages and snacks.
a satellite tv is also featured.
excursions and guided tours are proposed by the staff and free transfer from the airport is offered with a 4-night stay.
further facilities include a large fitness room, free wifi, free outdoor parking and a games room for children.
set in trapani centre, on 1 of the city's main avenues, fardella centrale offers studios with led tv and free wi-fi.
the rosskopf ski slopes are 3 km away.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 61 km from the property.
simply furnished, rooms come with bright wall colours and a fan or air conditioning.
all rooms and facilities are spread over 3 buildings connected by underground corridors.
natura yado is a 5-minute drive from uron-no-saki and a 10-minute drive from the ama coast.
guests at ruta del sol are served daily continental and american breakfast.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a private bathroom with a shower.
cable tv is offered in every room at old kentucky home motel, along with a coffee machine.
the albert cuyp market is a 5-minute walk from the arcade hotel, while the sarphati park is situated across the street.
clos savornin is located near saint saturnin lès apt, in the heart of luberon’s picturesque sites.
free private parking is also available at this apartment.
housed in a renovated 19th century building, antouanetta apartments is located in ermoupolis, within a 5-minute walk from the central miaouli square.
the apartments also include a kitchen with dining area.
a hair dryer and telephone are also provided. wifi is also available.
located in the centre of lisbon, the 4-star browns central hotel is set on an 18th century building which was renovated according the new design trends.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a seating area.
there is also an electric kettle.
a bus stop, offering direct links to valletta is just a 3-minute walk away form the apartment.
the heated guest rooms are fitted with electric blankets, a fridge and ironing equipment. the en suite bathroom offers free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each unit has a dining area, where guests can enjoy their meal. other facilities include a satellite tv, air conditioning and safe.
host to the shapla indian restaurants chain, the bay horse restaurant offers a range of home-cooked meals and snacks.
de waterkant luxury apartments are 20 km away from cape town international airport and airport transfers can be arranged.
free parking is possible on the premises.
you can enjoy mountain view from the room.
a microwave, coffee-machine, and small fridge are also available.
accommodation features free wifi, satellite tv, a fridge and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
rovinj bus station and rovinj port, with links to venice, are within 1.5 km. poreč and its unesco-protected euphrasian basilica are 32 km from the nina apartments.
the property is 400 metres from palace of diocletian and 200 metres from gregory of nin.
the hotel is 10 minutes by car from naama bay and sharm el-sheikh international airport is 20 minutes' drive away.
there is an open plan kitchenette with a dining area, a refrigerator and kitchenware.
continental breakfast is included.
a 5-minute walk from the train station and close to dartmoor, this victorian town house is situated in the heart of exeter.
check out rappbodetalsperre lake (15 km) or the am wurmberg skilift (25 km).
a bathroom with free toiletries, a hairdryer and slippers comes standard.
some units include a balcony and/or patio with pool views.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation and free wi-fi throughout.
located in the historical centre of sighnaghi town, this hotel is 3 minutes’ walk from the 18th century sighnaghi fortress.
the 15th-century cathedral of funchal is 650 metres away, while 1.2 km away is funchal marina, offering boat trips along the coast.
located in the centre of narooma, directly opposite the narooma golf course, all 1-bedroom units enjoy fantastic ocean and golf course views.
each spacious room has a tv, tea and coffee making facilities and an en suite bathroom.
enjoy stunning views of the kattegat bay area from säröhus hotel.
all units have a flat-screen tv, dvd player, and cd player.
this holiday home is 86 km from billund airport.
the shaza al madina hotel is located 13 km from prince mohammed airport.
many restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 10 minutes’ walk of the house.
the touris has gardens and a terrace, while inside there is a tv room and a free wi-fi hotspot.
aphrodite's inn offers a lounge with fireplace, rich traditional breakfast and rooms with private balcony and heating.
hotel les etoiles du toubkal is located in a berber village in the toubkal mountains, a 15-minute drive from toubkal national park.
the private bathroom is outside the room.
the homestay also offers bike hire.
the želiv monastery and the lipnice castle are 10 km and 12 km away respectively.
campo de' fiori is a 10-minute walk away.
n fourseason hotel myeongdong's 24-hour front desk provides luggage storage and concierge services. laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are available at an extra charge.
several restaurants and nightlife are within easy walking distance from the motel.
local restaurants and cafes, offering dishes from the international and local cuisine, are within a 2-minute walk of efes.
activities like horse riding and hiking can be enjoyed in the surrounding area.
featuring free wifi, qihang international hotel offers comfy accommodation within 5 km of beijing capital international airport.
located 700 metres from hungarian national museum, somogyi apartman offers pet-friendly accommodation in budapest. the apartment is 700 metres from dohany street synagogue.
each room is simply furnished and equipped with a fridge.
free private parking is available on site.
a small refrigerator, coffee-making facilities and a work desk are included.
furthermore, the house includes a living area, cable flat-screen tv, playstation 3 console, a fully-equipped kitchen, outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities, and a bathroom fitted with a bath or a shower.
there is a bbq and children's playground out in the garden.
alessandria is a 20-minute drive away.
alpenbad leutasch leisure complex with numerous pools is just steps away.
there is a volley ball court, mini-football pitch and children playground.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
on the first floor guests have a large bed- and living room and a pantry that offers a coffee maker, a refrigerator and a microwave. on the ground floor, the bathroom is fitted with a bath, a shower, a wash basin and a toilet.
both free wifi and free parking space are accessible here.
the apartment features a seating area and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
armenian opera and ballet theatre is 2.3 km from new-regence, while republic square is 3.2 km away.
located in the owner's house, the room is equipped with a flat-screen tv and blu-ray player.
featuring cycladic-style stone-built beds, the air-conditioned studios at the mirsini include a kitchenette with a fridge.
they are located in the quiet town of walkenried in the scenic harz region.
in the summertime, guests can relax on the garden terrace or in wintertime in front of the fireplace in the lounge area.
at the vallier pond, less than 2 km away, there is a leisure area with an indoor heated swimming pool.
additional facilities include a billiards table and table tennis.
featuring dark wooden furnishings, the rooms at the golden valley hotel offer a seating area and a minibar.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle.
central station is a 15-minute walk.
it offers soundproofed accommodation.
located at the heart of the cazorla nature reserve, in stunning natural surroundings, the parador de cazorla is perfect accommodation for a rural getaway in the north east of andalusia.
situated off the mumbai-bangalore highway, the hotel is 13 km away from pune railway station and 20 km away from pune airport.
the homestay also offers car hire.
rimini miramare airport is less than a 10-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy their drink by the pool or the hot tub.
the restaurant is open daily for lunch and dinner, and specialises in regional cuisine and fish dishes.
the accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, air conditioning and a minibar.
situated on the main road in somerset west, the 3-star somerset lodge is within a 15-minute drive from the cape winelands and a 25-minute drive from cape town international airport.
tajo river is a 10-minute walk away.
restaurants, taverns and bars are within a short walk from the property.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
a daily continental breakfast with eggs, bagels, and rotating hot items is served at this hotel.
each room has a flat-screen tv, wardrobe and tea and coffee facilities.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
restored from a building dating back to the 1950s, cilicia hotel is complete with a bar and a seating area in the garden.
all units include a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and toaster are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
willa piano offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi throughout, about a 5-minute walk from the popular krupówki street.
the property is 1.3 km from the main bus and train stations and 20 km from belgrade airport.
free wifi, an internet terminal and a children’s playground are available.
featuring a balcony, all units have a seating and dining area.
the centre of świnoujście is 1.3 km away.
it is located in the centre of walsrode.
at pension baltaci - starý zámek you will find an airport shuttle, a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
on the private beach, each room has a parasol and 2 sun loungers.
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
the bathrooms come with a hairdryer, and towels and bed linen are provided.
offering a top-floor spa and spacious rooms with classic design and luxury furniture, hotel principe di savoia is 100 metres from milan’s repubblica metro and train station.
the simply decorated rooms at guesthouse sunna feature either private or shared bathroom facilities.
it has a relaxing lounge bar, and a free internet terminal.
there is also a tour desk which organises excursions to tourist attractions.
the property offers free parking.
set in the cote-d’or department in eastern france, the chateau malaisy is set in beautiful surroundings.
beach towels can also be rented upon request.
all rooms include a tv with cable channels.
poza rica is an hour’s drive away.
situated in the village of villatuerta, muskildia etxea boasts barbecue facilities and a spacious garden with mountain views.
you can taste mediterranean, turkish and international cuisines at the hotel’s restaurants.
all units come with an well-equipped kitchen, living room and private bathrooms with hot shower.
rascioni & cecconello offers free parking.
a japanese or western set menu breakfast is available at the on-site restaurant, jonathan’s.
mattala rajapaksa international airport is 82 km away.
with simple décor, this accommodation provides guests with a tv and air conditioning.
behind a cheerful and colourful façade lies a smart and simple hotel in the centre of puzol.
the hotel is a 45-minute drive away from stone town.
guests can relax in the russian bath and in the turkish bath with hot tub.
at tayal tour & travels you will find a garden.
guests enjoy free bicycle rental and free on-site parking. free wi-fi access is also available throughout the hotel.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
free private parking is possible on site.
dinosaur provincial park is 48 km from tel star motor inn.
the hotel is also conveniently located for accessing the main railway station and the airport.
this holiday home is 18 km from aarhus airport.
the property offers free parking.
each has an en suite bathroom complete with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
just 1-minute from the sea, arcadia guest house in weymouth offers stylish rooms with free wi-fi.
kayak centre is 350 metres from the property, and chekhov's country house is 450 metres away.
schronisko młodzieżowe wojtek is situated 1 km from szklarska poręba średnia railway station.
the historic city centre of alexander city is just 2.7 miles away.
all rooms at the 2-star hotel gasthof sonne include cable tv and free wi-fi.
dekalb baymont inn and suites is 1 mile from river heights golf course and ellwood house museum.
the wooden-floored units also feature a terrace and a view of the gardens, mountain-range and river.
san gimignano and siena are both 30 km away.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
short stay beach apartment offers apartments round the area of scheveningen beach and the hague. all have free wi-fi, private parking and a balcony.
this residence is on teatinos campus, where the university of málaga is situated and offers easy access to all the faculties, palacio de congresos, palacio de justicia and the technological park.
other facilities at tyrol apart include a laundry room with a washing machine.
b&b la magia dei sogni is 10 minutes’ drive from verona.
parking is free.
it has an outdoor pool and air-conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and balcony.
this holiday home is 90 km from côte d'azur airport.
amenities, such as tv and air conditioning are also featured.
it offers stylish accommodation with free wi-fi.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
guests can enjoy a free breakfast served every morning on their private terrace. free wifi access is available throughout.
the accommodation units include a private bathroom, a balcony and a seating area with satellite tv and a refrigerator.
it features a lush park, free sauna access and a lounge with an open fireplace.
there is also pool bar and a restaurant serving local specialties.
the property is 500 metres from river negro.
it offers living room with a tv; open plan kitchen with oven, fridge and freezer; 1 double bedroom, and 1 triple bedroom; bathroom comes with shower, washbasin and toilet.
vegueta food market, a pedestrian shopping area and the oceanfront are within a 10-minute walk.
guests will find a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker.
the property was renovated in march 2015.
there are shops and grocers in 50 m, supermarket 200 m, restaurant 100 m, sandy beach 3 km.
guests can relax in the bar and lounge area with widescreen tv and table top video games.
the gabriella house consists of 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room with fully equipped kitchenette.
olaya herrera airport is 58 km away.
the property offers free parking.
guests at the hampton inn philadelphia/mt.
casaterra also has a terrace and laundry facilities.
milos airport is 1 km away.
the a1 main road is just over 3 miles away and you can reach lincoln, nottingham and the coast within an hour by car.
the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a vending machine. the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy bowling, billiard and darts.
meeting no.19 cafe & bar is 5 km from nan putuo and hulishan gannon fort, 15 km from xiamen railway station. gaoqi international airport is 20 km away.
located in dubrovnik, apartment violeta 2 is a 4-star, modern self-catering accommodation with a balcony and terrace, from which guests can enjoy picturesque views of the sea and city. the lapad peninsula beaches are only 2 km from the property.
private bathroom also comes with a shower and hot water facility.
apartments come with a fan and a comfortable seating area.
this comfortable holiday home includes kitchen facilities, air conditioning and a seating area with a flat-screen cable tv. it also has two bedrooms and a complete bathroom.
the nearest airport is lublin airport, 8 km from mjhostel.
the spagna suite apartment is a 10-minute walk from spagna metro stop.
ironing and laundry services can also be provided upon request.
the apartment has a living room with a tv and sofas.
full welsh breakfasts are served daily in the elegant conservatory dining room, featuring fresh local produce.
featuring a terrace with garden, hotel buigues is located in moraira.
towels and bed linen are offered.
some units feature a hot tub.
snacks and exotic drinks can be ordered from the 24-hour bar.
the hotel waldlust provides an ideal location for guests to relax, escape the stress of everyday life and enjoy the romantic view of the naab valley.
as a part of the university of prince edward island’s campus, this guest accommodation offers dorm-style rooms with free wi-fi.
villa taman ayu has a concierge and provides airport shuttle services for an extra cost.
the double bedroom has a flat-screen tv, desk, hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, satellite channels, woodburning stove, and a dvd player.
pacacioglu bag evi offers rooms with carved wood ceilings and natural wooden floors with turkish hand-woven carpets.
this pet-friendly accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv. some units include a terrace or a balcony with sea views.
thimphu city is 8 km.
all rooms come with a private bathroom.
the units, which are decorated in tyrolean style, provide a balcony with mountain views, a private bathroom with a shower and a toilet.
the three-bedroom apartment is provided with a living/dining room with open-hearth fireplace.
buffet breakfasts are available every morning at the hotel.
the hostel has a barbecue and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
roma trastevere is 2 km from short lets monteverde. villa pamphili and the gianicolo are a 20-minute walk away.
baroque apartment is 100 metres away from golden sands central pedestrian street and airport shuttle services can be arranged for guests upon request and at a surcharge.
the area is popular for golfing and fishing.
lake techirghiol, which is known for its curing mud, is 200 metres away in the opposite direction.
they are equipped with air conditioning and satellite tv and offer bathrooms with bathtub.
it offers a bright double room, a private entrance and a panoramic terrace.
the hotel also offers car hire.
each casas carmen apartment has a private bathroom, and a living room with satellite tv.
a variety of award-winning breakfasts is offered, including cooked to order options.
set in milan, fifty eight suite milan offers air-conditioned apartments with free wifi in different locations in fashion district of milan. guests benefit from a balcony.
daily trips including boat trips to islands, rafting and many more can be organised by the ritem.
carriage suites come with a small kitchen area, while all accommodation comes en suite, with tea/coffee-making facilities and a tv with satellite channels.
kitchen facilities include a microwave, dining area and dishwasher.
after dinner relax in the glass-fronted lobby which adjoins the restaurant, the stylish terrace bar or workout in the minigym.
las nazarenas church is 5 km away.
within 6.1 km you can find shops and restaurants.
each room is equipped with air conditioning, and guests enjoy 24-hour access to the reception.
strand beach is 10 km from the apartments and cape town international airport is 30 km away.
the bathrooms are equipped with showers.
each of the rooms at city-hotel comes equipped with a tv, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including rock climbing, cycling, fishing and hiking.
lift access is provided.
a flat-screen tv is featured in the living area.
free in-room wifi is available.
free wi-fi is featured in each room at borthwnog, as well as a tv with freeview and a dvd player. tea/coffee making facilities are also provided.
towels and bed linen are provided.
kick start your day by having an intensive workout at the world-class 24/7 gym.
the wooden-furnishing cottages offer a fireplace, seating area, satellite tv and a terrace with garden views.
mojácar town centre is less than 2 km away from the hotel.
san giovanni stanly hotel hosts a classic restaurant, serving à la carte gourmet dishes.
the cosy, traditional english pub offers a range of real ales and a homely real fire.
hotell skytterhuset is located near storvannet (the big lake), tjuven (the thief mountain) and the famous hiking path to the thief mountain.
casa douro is a detached holiday home situated in porto in the norte region region and is 1.4 km from bessa football stadium.
free private parking is available on site.
for dinner, hotel handelia offers a daily changing 3 course menu.
the accommodation features a terrace with lake views and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower, a toilet, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the chalet is accessible via the a8 motorway, which is 8 km away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
located 6 km from church of the savior on spilled blood and 6 km from hermitage museum, apartment kondratyevsky offers accommodation in saint petersburg. the unit is 6 km from palace square.
metsa-lukatsi holiday farm features traditional style houses with sofa, a tv, a kitchen and a bathroom with a shower .
rooms here are all fitted with a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
holiday home skovbrynet tarm iv is located in falen and can accommodate up to six guests.
guests can have belgian and french specialities for lunch and dinner at the property's à-la-carte restaurant, as well as drinks and snacks in the on-site bar.
royal asia lodge is within 1.5 km from emporium shopping mall and queen sirikit national convention centre. suvarnabhumi international airport is about 21 km from the hotel.
situated in the historic centre of nerja, hostal dianes has all the facilities to make your stay a pleasant one.
with a satellite tv and en suite bathroom, all rooms at the borromini hotel have a modern décor and carpeted floors.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
they are also equipped with all the amenities needed for a pleasant stay.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player is provided.
panda's hostel - star ferry is a 15-minute walk from harbour city shopping mall. hong kong international airport is about 40 minutes' drive away.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
boasting wonderful scenic views of the mountain slopes, the story of hotel mramor is in a peaceful and quiet area offering a good night’s sleep.
free public parking is available on site.
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling, and there are many vineyards nearby.
the days inn lake city i-75 motel provides free on-site parking and a free daily newspaper. a 24-hour front desk is available for guests' convenience.
excursions to međugorje, mostar, dubrovnik and biokovo can be arranged on site.
guests at buena vista can tour around the historic neighbourhood, visit the 1750s yanahuara church, the square and the famous viewpoint "mirador de yanahuara", only 4 blocks from the hotel.
furthermore cottage delivery can be arranged upon request.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
these stylish modern apartments are in birmingham city centre, 150 metres from the barclaycard arena (nia) and just over 5 minutes' walk from the international convention centre (icc), also known as symphony hall.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
there is free parking.
all units feature a seating area with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv.
an outdoor dining area is available.
the city warehouse aparthotel is a 10-minute walk from the arndale centre.
the residence inn san diego offers a free daily breakfast buffet or guests can cook out at the barbecue facilities.
each room at the continental inn charlotte is furnished with a cable tv and coffee maker.
manzanares is an hour’s drive from the property.
both garden night market and an ping castle can be accessed by a 15-minute drive, while tainan hsr station is a 30-minute drive away.
prairie mall shopping center and the grande prairie museum are both within a 10 minutes' drive of the hotel.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. a microwave and coffee machine are also available.
offering a restaurant, pousada dos reis is located in ipojuca, 500 metres from the clear and green waters of praia de maracaipe beach.
sasktel place is 15 minutes’ drive away.
it has a lagoon pool and offers air-conditioned guestrooms.
free private parking is also available.
the stowe country club is also nearby.
guest facilities include a barbeque area and a beautiful ornamental lake stocked with japanese carp fish.
linate airport is just 7 km from the hotel.
breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
alternatively, apk offers massage services and spa treatments.
the beach is only 300 metres away.
this hotel has a garden with an outdoor heated swimming pool and a terrace. free wi-fi access is available.
rodrigo de freitas lagoon is 3 km away.
ristorante hotel mira is 30 km from portofino, while genova is a 40-minute drive away.
the property is less than 10 minutes’ drive from the beach and 9 miles from huntington beach state park.
there is an open-plan dining and lounge area with modern furnishings and a flat-screen tv.
the 4-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
the suite features a balcony and a seating area.
madgaon junction railway station is 13 km from the property.
it offers furnished studio apartments with cable television and a kitchenette. free parking is provided on site.
a breakfast buffet, including fresh orange juice, fresh rolls and several spreads, is offered daily in the breakfast room.
the national park of luberon is located 6 km from mas bello visto.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
free wi-fi, a 24-hour reception and air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen cable can be found at the zar colima.
each apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and a private garden.
berry and mushroom picking are possible in the surroundings. an array of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and fishing.
krasnaya polyana is 41 km from apartments na poltavskoy, while lazarevskoye is 42 km from the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden at the property.
featuring free wifi and private parking, apartments on lenina 298b is set in adler, within a 4-minute walk of pansionat yuzhny bus stop.
mont gabriel hotel boasts indoor and outdoor heated pools and a hot tub, a gym and a sauna.
santa sofia is a 15-minute drive from pini hotel.
set 3.7 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city, this apartment features free wifi and a terrace.
rooms at capo dei greci feature satellite tv, a minibar, and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
all rooms come with city views.
the private bathroom has a shower.
it is only a mile from the m(a)74, m6 and a75, giving easy access to glasgow, dumfries & carlisle.
the mar de cristal resort is also close to the harbor town of cartagena.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
live sports are shown in the flat-screen tv.
the house has a spacious lounge with sofas and a fireplace, and guests have access to the shared kitchen.
shops, restaurants and the nearest city, hvide sande, can be found within 5 km and the waterfront is 1.1 km away.
services at the corona also include an indoor swimming pool, free parking spaces and free wi-fi access in public areas.
the expourense exhibition centre is just 7 km from the hotel.
the restaurant serves breakfast and lunch.
mikulov na moravě railway station is 1 km away and the piaristů bus stop 50 metres.
a shared kitchen and living room with a library are also available here.
relaxing massages and beauty treatments await guests at tamukami’s spa.
it offers air-conditioned apartments with a kitchenette and balcony.
it provides free private parking.
rooms here are spacious and each has seating area with a sofa or sofa bed.
the self-catered accommodation looks out onto the ocean and offers a fully equipped kitchen.
the area is popular for skiing and horse riding.
sonnenhof guest house is situated in obdach, 41 km from murau.
the bed and breakfast also offers bike hire and car hire.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
guests can enjoy a rich, fresh and varying breakfast buffet at the hotel.
free parking and secure storage for bicycles is provided by pension koeniglich schlafen.
it offers 3 swimming pools, one of which featuring jacuzzi.
this small property features 13 guest rooms.
the dendrarium is 1.5 km from zhemchug hotel, and the sochi port is 2 km away.
piazza erbe and juliet's balcony are around a 10-minute walk away.
each room here will provide you with a cable tv, air conditioning and satellite channels.
other local attractions include the cities of thiers and issoire, both less than 40 km from the property.
english, french and german are spoken at reception.
located in the picturesque village of dovje, apartments triglav offers self-catering accommodation with views to julian alps and triglav mountain. free wifi access is provided.
towels and bed linen are not supplied; guests should bring their own.
bathed in warm lighting, the spacious air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv and well-stocked minibar.
they are equipped with satellite tv. each has a safe box and a minibar.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
it has an extensive spa, indoor swimming pool and a garden overlooking the sea.
the nearest airport is dalian zhoushuizi international airport, 10 km away.
free wifi is provided .
salvador’s city centre is 35 km away and the bus station can be reached within 15 km.
ángel guimerà metro station is 800 metres away and connects guests to the famous city of arts and sciences in 10 minutes.
free private parking is available on site.
a tv is provided.
the imaginative and nautically themed hôtel des pirates is located just 200 metres from the rides at the fun-filled nigloland theme park, between the river aube and the champagne vineyards.
the nearest airport is falcone-borsellino airport, 3 km from il girasole.
located just few steps away from cafes and a shopping area, hotel royal is also a good starting point for trips to unesco-listed studenica monastery, which is 29 km away.
guests can access these facilities free of charge.
each of the résidence’s apartments and studios has a kitchen or kitchenette equipped with a fridge, cooker and electric hobs. there is also a seating area in each.
benlig guest house offers accommodation in salcete.
free private parking is available on site.
the apartments at the pacific views resort have cable tv with a dvd player, a spacious living and dining area and a fully-equipped kitchen.
a washing machine and living room with fully equipped kitchenette are also included.
this residence in castelvetrano is set in the middle of a citrus garden.
le chalet de l'adolphin is located in saint-adolphe-d'howard, about 1 hour drive from montréal.
aqua park sea star is 2.5 km from hotel almaz, while dolmens is 6 km away.
an art nouveau building in the centre of rapallo, hotel giulio cesare is just 50 metres from a sandy beach and near the harbour.
traditional breakfast is served in buffet style.
newly renovated, the hotel offers modern accommodation and a wonderful restaurant.
rooms feature a radio with cd player, and there is a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
the region also offers many natural and historic sites like the clock tower of tryavna, 2.5 km away, the bulgarka nature park, 12 km away, the architectural-ethnographic complex etar with an open air museum, 18 km away and the sokolovski monastery and dryanovski monastery, 20 km away.
set amidst lush green fields, near agios matthaios village, villa lefki offers fully equipped accommodation with a spacious kitchen, spa bath and free wi-fi. it has a large pool with sun terrace and a big garden.
offering an outdoor pool in the tree-lined park, la merveille is an english-owned property set in the normandy countryside in le luot.
free private parking is provided on site and tozeur-nefta international airport is 24.5 km away.
parking at the property is free.
featuring a balcony, the accommodation features a seating and dining area.
guests staying at coco mari villa will find facilities such as luggage storage space and free parking facilities.
the air-conditioned villa has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and fully equipped kitchen with a toaster, microwave and electric kettle.
other facilities include a sauna, a whirlpool, a terrace as well as a childrens playground, an indoor swimming pool, beach volleyball court, football goal and free entry to the waterpark.
folklore museum of olympia is located nearby.
bistrot les sans culottes is located in the 11th district in paris, 300 metres from bastille metro station.
set in a former templar house, auberge de la commanderie is located in the heart of saint-émilion medieval town and offers views of the town and vineyards.
some include a private balcony, tv and minibar.
located 1.5 km from flamento beach, habitat carioca hotel offers accommodations in rio de janeiro.
the rojen monastery is 7 km away and the saint stoyna and zlatolist monasteries are both 9 km away from park hotel makenzen. sandanksi is 17 km away.
rusapart at lenivka provide quick access to such moscow attractions, as the cathedral of christ the saviour, 5 minutes’ walk away. it is 350 metres from the kremlin.
the property is 5 km from the old town and the sea.
featuring a bath, the stylish private granite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
free private parking is possible on site.
guests can relax in the best western khan’s sauna.
the property provides satellite-tv, radio and cd player.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing, hiking and snorkelling.
private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath.
the nearest airport is lisbon humberto delgado airport, 13 km from villa magnolia.
guests can go horseback riding within 5 km from the guest house.
all apartments are decorated in earthy tones and come with air conditioning, free wifi, a seating area and tv. the kitchen is equipped with a stove and electric kettle.
free public parking is available on site and local activities include hiking and cycling.
this holiday inn is located off us highway 59/271, and is 32 miles from fort smith.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests have access to the business centre and coin-operated laundry facilities.
located in the born district, within 5 minutes’ walk of picasso museum and beautiful santa maria del mar cathedral, apartment semoreles offers a 2-bedroom apartment with free wifi.
the private bathroom is complete with a shower.
the newly renovated lieblingsplatz, mein tirolerhof is located right in the centre of zell am ziller.
there is a local bus line with links to kopaonik ski centre and back, operating hourly and available at a surcharge.
barbadoro agriturismo is a 5-minute drive from san vincenzo train station.
italian and indian restaurants are also on offer, as well as a thatch-roofed grill restaurant next to the pool.
featuring 2 restaurants and a luxury day spa, cradle mountain lodge offers a selection of wood cabins with views of the surrounding tasmanian wilderness.
golden west casino is 4 miles away.
built in accordance to the local architecture, the recently renovated property offers 14 self-catered studios with free wi-fi, lcd tv, and large balconies overlooking the sea.
situated a 5-minute walk from the centre of seefeld, 1 km from the rosshütte ski area, haus orplid comes with rooms decorated with classical furnishing and a tv.
a tv is provided. there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
citilet 4&5 is 600 metres from cannes train station and 23.4 km from nice côte d'azur airport.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada casa verde itacaré surf camp is located in itacaré.
there are marked hiking and cycling trails in the grounds.
they all come with a tv, a desk and a refrigerator.
el sueño maya is just 20 minutes' drive from playa del carmen and another 20 minutes' drive from tulum.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
safari kruger cottage is a 40-minute drive from sabi sand game reserve. kiepersol is 10 km away.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
virgin valley museum is 5 minutes' drive away.
offering a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre, the harborfront inn is centrally located near the shops and restaurants in greenport.
you can also socialize with other guests or simply relax at the shared lounge area.
each air-conditioned room provides you with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a fridge and a minibar.
all villas offer free wi-fi, a living-dining area with cable tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
centrally located in bangkok, the bangkokians garden home offers cosy rooms, a luscious garden and free wifi. this guesthouse is 600 metres from wholesale market (pratunam), 900 metres from bts-victory monument and 1.0 km from bts-phaya thai.
guests can also benefit from a sea view on the balcony and there is also a patio and a terrace.
there is a variety of restaurants further along the bay, 15 minutes’ walk away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
chargeable shuttle service is available upon request.
the hotel is 2.3 km from vidarbha cricket association stadium and 7 km from deeksha bhoomi and futala lake. dr.
free wifi is offered throughout.
set in the countryside 5 km from the centre of cassino, le ninfee offers free wi-fi, garden with outdoor pool and a restaurant. rustic-style rooms feature air conditioning.
suzuka circuit is a 25-minute drive away.
towels and bed linen are provided.
spacious air-conditioned rooms at resort phu quoc feature classic wood furnishings and private balconies with sweeping sea views.
this modern open-space house will provide you with a fireplace, a tv and a terrace overlooking the garden.
free wi-fi and a breakfast buffet are offered at this hotel, surrounded by the scenic lüneberg heath.
set in the centre of harrachov ski resort, 100 metres from the čertova hora ski slope, the family-run guest house pension & restaurant krakonoš offers a breakfast buffet and a sun terrace. free wifi is available.
the rooms at pudra hotel come with simple furnishings.
the hotel is 11 km from tiran island and 40 km from ras mohamed national park.
the landhaus is situated at 1,350 metres above sea level in a protected landscape. children can enjoy nature, watch the animals, feed the bunnies, and play along the small brook in front of the house or on the playground, together with the host family’s children.
a guest kitchen includes a microwave, tea and coffee-making facilities and a toaster.
maple oak holiday home is a self-catering accommodation located in wayanad. it is 9 km from pookode lake and 11 km from chembra peak.
denizli city centre is 28.5 km away.
set in a building with a gym, ludus sport minihotel offers compact, simply furnished rooms with a wardrobe in saint petersburg, 10 km from the hermitage museum. free wifi is provided in public areas.
the on-site michelin-starred xerta restaurant serves traditional recipes from the ebro region; and a complete breakfast is also served every morning including a huge selection of local products.
apartment anka is a self-catering accommodation located in trsteno. freewifi access is available.
viewing the mountains or the park, rooms at b&b domaine du val de soux offer a seating area and a flat-screen tv.
anna’s spa offers a hot tub and a finnish sauna. massages and balneotherapy treatments are available on request.
the samaya bali is 14 km from ngurah rai international airport, 5-minute walk from ku de ta and a 10-minute walk from seminyak square shopping centre.
units at apartments amadeus are air conditioned and come with a balcony, a kitchenette and dining area.
all of diana residence’s 2 and 3-bedroom apartments are air conditioned and include satellite tvs and spa baths.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with bathrobes.
the accommodation consists of a combined sleeping/living area with a kitchen, and a private bathroom with bathtub and hairdryer.
the property offers free parking.
its facilities include swimming pools, tennis courts and a spa.
a buffet breakfast is prepared every morning at this hotel.
equipped with air conditioning, wardrobes and night stands, the compact rooms are located on the 3rd floor of the tower.
restaurants, bars and shops are within a 3-minute walk.
towels are available.
rooms at alte schule restaurant & hotel are individually designed on a traditional school theme.
all have a living room with satellite tv and 2 sofa beds.
the chalet offers free private parking on-site
you can also go hiking, cycling or horse riding on the cistercian or sant jaume walking routes.
guestrooms at hôtel denarié are spacious and decorated in warm wooden furnishings.
the property is within a 10-minute walk of piazza della signoria square, uffizi gallery and florence cathedral.
guests will enjoy a typical italian breakfast every morning. it includes hot drinks, croissants and pastries.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
each room comes with air conditioning, a satellite tv with dvd player, and an electric kettle.
in the centre of metz, within walking distance from the train station, cecil' hotel offers a friendly atmosphere, and peaceful and comfortable accommodation.
set 3.5 km from the historical centre of lecce, b&b beev offers free private parking on site and free wi-fi throughout. rooms here are classically furnished.
daily housekeeping, laundry and ironing service are available.
barbecue facilities are available and a number of restaurants serving a range of cuisines can be found within 5 km from sunset mansion.
a free outdoor swimming pool is available. free wifi is available in public areas.
yamba beach is 45 minutes’ drive away.
van horn knights inn has an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub.
the rooms have a parquet floor and typical wooden ceiling beams.
the apartments are fitted with a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher, cable tv, safety deposit box, and a bathroom with steam shower, hairdryer, make-up mirror and a separate toilet.
with panoramic mountain and valley views, hotel girlanerhof is 3 km outside the centre of appiano sulla strada del vino.
guests can find enjoy the on-site restaurant and other options at the zócalo square.
brightly decorated rooms at best western rayne inn have a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a work desk.
bars and cafés can be found in the surrounding old town.
třeboň spa city can be found 20 km from the property while beautiful český krumlov, one of the unesco world heritage sites, is 30 km away.
this motel is just 1 mile from the university of houston – victoria.
retreat villa boutique & spa is a 10-minute drive from the famous angkor wat and a 15-minute drive from siem reap international airport.
located 3-minutes away from senai international airport, mercure johor palm resort & golf is only 45-minutes from singapore by the 2nd link expressway.
free wifi is available in all areas.
a number of restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 300 metres of the hostel
crescent villa is about 3 km from i̇ztuzu beach, a naturalistic oasis famous for its loggerhead turtles.
each apartment has 2 bedrooms, a kitchenette, a living room with satellite tv, and a bathroom.
a flat-screen tv is available.
air conditioning is available upon request.
rooms at the mulino features a satellite tv and balcony.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
a variety of rooms are available at nearalhambra, some with shared bathrooms featuring hydromassage showers.
the apartment has 1 bedroom and a living room with a flat-screen tv. the bathroom is complete with a bath.
brescia and bergamo are 41 km away from palazzo barbò, while milano is 66 km from the property.
appartamento ambra is located in ledro, 700 metres from lake ledro and a 20-minute drive from riva del garda and lake garda.
it lies just steps from the train station and a 10-minute train ride from osnabrück.
located right by river krka and the yacht marine in skradin, villa barbara offers air-conditioned apartments with balcony, lcd satellite tv and free wi-fi. the property includes a green garden with a terrace.
the property is 2.2 km from walking street pattaya and 1.8 km from bali hai pier.
other facilities at villa marin include a year-round outdoor pool.
located by berlin – kostrzyn route motelik lord offers rooms with free wi-fi.
guests have the possibility to park their car in a garage upon request.
this cottage is 36 km from marcigny and 21 km from golf du roannais.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as horse riding and fishing.
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
free cable internet is available. free private parking is possible on site.
a ski bus stop is a 2-minute walk away.
it offers comfortable, air-conditioned rooms with free wired internet and satellite tv.
fitted with either tiled or wooden flooring, all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv, minibar and tea/coffee making facilities.
gale winds golf course and the wythe museum are both 4 minutes' drive from the hotel.
it has free parking and retains many original features, such as open fireplaces and wooden sash windows.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 11 km from the property.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a stove, a fridge and barbecue facilities are also provided.
appartementvermietung bad füssing’s rooms are light-flooded and come with a dining area, free wi-fi and comfortable seating area. the private bathrooms include a shower.
set in a 17th-century building with original roman walls a 3-minute walk from verona’s amphitheatre, palazzo sant andrea features modern apartments with a dishwasher.
agadir international airport is 100 km from the property.
tbilisi airport is 15 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
holiday inn express hotel & suites carthage features guest rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv.
the opera and ballet theatre is a 5-minute walk away.
a wide selection of restaurants and pubs are located on kensington high street, as well as bus stops with services into central london.
the property offers on-site mountain bike tracks.
elsenham lodge is situated at the aspens building and offers taxi transfers to the airport (at an additional cost).
nightwear and slippers are provided for all guests.
guests also enjoy free bus travel in oberstdorf and free use of the sommerbergbahn railway.
cross-country skiing and winter hiking are also available.
the fig tree restaurant serves a range of wholesome and healthy dishes for its breakfast buffet and also has variety of south african cuisine for lunch and dinner.
faro international airport is located 45 km away, and manta rota beach is a 10-minute drive away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
recreational choices include indulging in a relaxing massage at the spa or exercising at the gym.
yamasato restaurant offers a western/japanese buffet for breakfast and modern japanese cuisine for dinner.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
westgate house & barn is located in whaplode, outside spalding.
the property is within a 5-minute walk of several restaurants.
some rooms have a hob and there is also a dining area.
there is a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
the hotel sonderfeld is within a 10-minute walk from the medieval castle and the town centre with 2 shopping centres.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a dishwasher, oven and fridge. a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
ironing facilities are also available.
the dvůr králové zoo is within 15 km.
it features unobstructed town views, wood-carved ornaments and a restaurant.
church of the savior on spilled blood is 1.9 km from hostel severnaya zvezda, while palace square is 2.6 km from the property.
parking is free.
hip inn coffee phitsanulok guest house is only a 10-minute drive from phitsanulok airport.
some have a fireplace.
all apartments have a tv and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge and an electric hob.
the warmly decorated rooms include a hairdryer, tea- and coffee-making facilities and a 37-inch flat-screen cable tv. some rooms at boca raton quality inn offer a work desk.
pamukkale travetines and pamukkale lake are 750 metres from the property.
all rooms have air conditioning and free parking is available.
other facilities at belarus sochi park & beach apartments include a spa centre.
grenada lake is 15 minutes' drive away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
it arranges tours and free private parking.
this bed and breakfast is located in central trieste, a 5-minute walk from piazza dell’unità.
set in the peaceful qingshiling village, beijing baihewan shengwang farmstay offers orderly arranged guestrooms.
bali rich villas is less than 2 km from ku de ta and seminyak beach.
the wine cellar is stocked with veneto's finest labels.
top hotel cheonan offers spacious rooms with a wall-mounted flat-screen tv, a seating area and a computer.
free private parking is available on site.
breakfast is served at the dining area on the ground floor.
offering a tranquil environment, the racing mackerel hostel is located in the centre of lagos and is within a 20-minute walk from the stunning beaches of dona ana, batata, estudantes and pinhão.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
just 10 minutes from newcastle, there is free wi-fi and free parking.
red maple bed & breakfast is located in new delhi, 7 km from connaught place and the city centre.
outdoor furniture are also provided.
the ancient theatre of ohrid is set 200 metres away and samoil's fortress can be reached in 400 metres.
free on-site parking is provided.
a continental breakfast is available at the soms park, and there is a bar with billiards and darts.
a supermarket can be found 40 metres from the apartment.
the restaurant opens on reservation and proposes homemade pasta and meat dishes from sheep raised on site.
the closest restaurant and café are 20 metres from residenza verde.
just 200 metres from the beach, pensione villa elena is located in forte dei marmi.
wired internet access is available for free.
mijas beach is just 300 metres from the property.
orchid lodge samui has an on-site restaurant where guests can enjoy their meals.
all apartments are air conditioned and have en suite bathrooms. each apartment includes a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator.
offering a russian steam bath and ski storage space, dom lazarevykh is located in arshan.
warsaw chopin airport is 18 km away.
centrally located in rome, bobo house is set a 5-minute walk from termini train station.
all apartments and studios feature a balcony, a kitchenette, tv and a bathroom with shower.
the courtyard homewood is within a 5-minute drive of the birmingham zoo. oak mountain state park is within a 21-minute drive of the hotel.
huike hotel is a 15-minute walk from jinan zoo and a 20-minute drive from baotu spring or daming lake.
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
guests can check out old phuket town located 14.1 km from the property.
offering a private beach area and water sports facilities, mazurska arkadia is set in stare juchy in the warmia-masuria region. free wifi is provided throughout the property.
a balcony is available in each unit.
rooms at the motor inn include a microwave and refrigerator, as well as cable tv, a coffee machine, and an alarm clock.
when booking you can request a pass to access the limited-traffic area by car.
it offers both an indoor and outdoor 34°c thermal pool with whirlpool. free bikes are available, and wi-fi is free in public areas.
there is a restaurant and guests can have fun at the bowling alley.
guests can get a massage at a surcharge, use the coin launderette or check their emails on the pcs at the lobby.
each room is equipped with modern facilities, including a minibar, flat-screen cable tv, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property is 10 minutes’ drive from west end, while montego bay and the sangster international airport are a 1-hour drive away.
most rooms open to an enclosed balcony.
the surrounding vineyards are also ideal for wine tasting and cycling tours, and guests can go hiking in the palatinate forest.
guests can use the business centre or make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
castiello golf club is 5 km from abba playa.
alexandros maisonette is a self-catering, split-level property located in zóla.
the first floor has a spacious seating area and a bedroom with a box-spring bed.
bumi langkawi homestay is 7.3 km from langkawi kristal, 7.6 km from dataran helang and 7.8 km from sungai kilim nature park.
the property can arrange excursions, including a tailored "magical mystery tour", or a picnic, all available at a surcharge.
located in santa teresa di riva, it features free wifi and air conditioning.
goldmet inn shanghai hongqiao national exhibition and convention centre qixing road is located in shanghai, 11 km from jing'an temple and 13 km from xintiandi.
free private parking is available on site.
a flat-screen tv is available.
featuring a private outdoor swimming pool, a patio and bbq facilities, villa jarmila is situated just 3 km from el arenal beach in javea.
in the summer months, guests can dine on the terrace.
room service is available and laundry services can be arranged upon request.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and windsurfing.
gare de paris-saint-lazare is 1.4 km away and gare du nord is 1.7 km away.
several times a day a bus takes you to the train station down to bex.
free wifi access is available.
located in the historic centre of caltanissetta, appartamento nel cuore della sicilia offers self-catering accommodation with a private balcony.
upper-floor apartments come with a balcony, while all have air conditioning and parquet floors.
extras include bed linen.
the property offers free parking.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
guests will experience ultimate relaxation with warming fireplace and a spa bath.
hotel plaza grande is set in a charming town house, where the writer dulce chacón was born.
free parking is available.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
the inn also offers bike hire.
extras include a hairdryer.
the owners strive to provide personal service and their suggestions will help you make the most of your holiday in this magnificent island.
both towns can be reached by a bus which stops 50 metres from the property.
saint isaac's cathedral is 2.1 km from sutkiarenda on zagorodniy 26, while hermitage museum is 2.2 km from the property.
agriturismo fattoria etrusca is a family-run farmhouse in the heart of the maremma countryside.
simferopol airport is located 79 km away.
rooms at the benoua house are simply furnished and include a tv, large windows and a shared bathroom.
the nearest bar is only 20 metres away, a grocery store is at a distance of 50 metres and a restaurant can be found 100 metres from the apartments zagreb point - vrbik.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
viewing the hilly countryside, each guest room is bright and individually decorated with period furniture.
a rocky beach is 2 km away, while a sandy beach is located 3 km from the property.
the nearest airport, mactan-cebu international airport is about 10.6 km from the property.
the hotel’s own car park and a garage for motorbikes and bicycles are available for free.
each is fitted with a cable tv.
for convenience, airport shuttle service and car rental services are available at a surcharge.
the osmose spa is the perfect place for a relaxing experience. it features a hammam.
a refrigerator and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
guests can relax in the beautiful hotel grounds, while the largest shopping centre in britain, the metro centre, is just under 8 miles from the hotel.
guests of the augusta homes2suites by hilton can work out in the fitness centre or on the walking track.
the nearest grocery store is 100 metres away.
the buffet breakfast is served in the resort’s restaurant, which features seafood, meats, pastas and salads on its menu.
this sunny b&b offers rooms of various sizes which are furnished in light colours. mimì b&b is located in ravello and offers free wifi access throughout.
it entitles the holder to free use of cable cars and buses in the entire ötztal valley and offers free access to the area 47 adventure park, swimming pools, mini golf and much more.
offering a barbecue and a 2700m2-garden, b&b le jardin des poules is set in a traditional house situated in villainville, 7 km from etretat.
the air-conditioned and warmly decorated rooms at umdende manor have wooden furniture and animal rugs.
located right on the rathausplatz square in the centre of rust, 1.5 km from the bank of lake neusiedl, rusterhof offers you fine burgenland cuisine, romantically styled rooms and free parking.
ontario airport residence inn serves a breakfast buffet and alcoholic beverages.
there is a minimarket 500 metres from the property.
all apartments and rooms provide a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
apartament laguna kościuszki offers self-catering accommodation located in the seaside resort of świnoujście.
located in megeve city centre, this chalet-style hotel is 350 metres from the chamois cable car.
in the small town of isigny sur mer, the hôtel de france, former relay station, is located at the bottom of the bay of veys 3 km from the sea.
chin hua holiday home 5 offers free parking facilities for guests who drive.
ramsau am dachstein’s landhaus blaubeerhügel offers guests a spacious apartment that has 4 bedrooms with a double bed each.
located by the pool, splash also serves beverages.
the centrally located market square with the belfry of bruges is 2.1 km from the boat.
the 67 m2 apartment has 2 bedrooms and a living room.
featuring a garden with swimming pool and children’s playground, apartamento princicasim is located in benicassim, 300 metres from the sandy beach.
kiev train station is 10 minutes’ drive from dream house hostel & bar, and a shuttle service is available.
at blux medellin you will find a shared sauna.
restaurants and a grocery store are within 500 metres of the hostel boudnik.
hop onboard the halong poseidon sail, a luxury cruise in halong bay, which departs from bai chay wharf.
this pet-friendly accommodation is set in fortuna, costa rica.
misión orizaba offers a 24-hour reception with a tour desk.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
these studios and apartments can accommodate between 1 and 3 guests.
lukou international airport is a 40-minute car journey away.
many shops, cafés and restaurants can be found in the vicinity.
with a private entrance, the room features tea and coffee making facilities. the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
the apartment is bright and spacious, with a seating area and a flat-screen tv. there is also a dvd player.
each soundproofed room is equipped with a flat- screen tv and private bathroom.
a 1-minute walk from the hotel is a bus stop that connects to the promenade and the rimini train station, while also allowing easy access to the historic centre of rimini, including piazza malatesta.
offering outdoor pool, mozzview resort is located in khao kho.
each room features a bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the capital guest house is 6 km from gaborone train station and 8 km from gaborone game reserve.
chatenay-saint-imbert is 5 km away and the magny-cours circuit is 20 km from the property.
free private parking is provided.
stolpnik church is a 15-minute walk away.
this tropical beach guesthouse is just 150 metres from amor beach, and offers fun outdoor activities and regional outings.
the hotel also has a restaurant and a business centre.
it is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
every room also has a mini-refrigerator, hot drink facilities and a well-lit work desk.
relaxing massages await at the spa while children are entertained at kidz paradise.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a games room and luggage storage.
this marianna econo lodge inn & suites is located off exit 142 on interstate 10 and features a deluxe continental breakfast with homemade waffles.
luggage storage is offered at the front desk.
a wide numbers of bars, shops and restaurant are available within a walking distance.
you can park your car for free at the hotel.
there is a dining area and a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is featured. there is a private bathroom with a bidet.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the property offers free parking.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
facilities include satellite tv, a fridge and a balcony overlooking the surroundings.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
located 2.5 km from the main square of belgrade, ambient apartments offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi access. the property is 1 km from tašmajdan park.
free private parking is also available at this apartment.
the elegant rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style décor.
guests can prepare their meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
the classically styled rooms include cable tv, coffee facilities and a hairdryer.
cascade mountain is only 2 miles from this wisconsin days inn portage. devils head ski and golf resort is 7 miles away.
málaga and ronda are just over an hour’s drive away, and you can drive to seville in 1.5 hours.
whangamata beach house is situated in whangamata, 46 km from whitianga and 30 km from thames.
quite a few tourist attractions are located within easy reach, such as drum tower and bell tower, as well as xi'an city wall.
the apartments boasts views of the old town of sarajevo including gazi husrev-beg mosque.
located 40 metres from conceição beach and offering free airport shuttle, casa do ney features accommodation with picturesque garden views and a patio with a hammock.
the gergovia sits in the super-besse ski resort, between the pavin lake and the puy de sancy volcano.
with a quiet location in sabaudia, agriturismo marilà is inside circeo nature reserve.
this property features a restaurant, free wi-fi and free parking, as well as free scheduled airport shuttle service to soekarno-hatta international airport.
bielsko-biała railway station is within 8 km.
you can drive to puerto del rosario in 1 hour, and free public parking is available in a location nearby.
airport buses leave from plaza catalunya.
it is a 6-minute walk from verneuil-sur-avre train station.
fitted with air conditioning and carpeted flooring, rooms here also come with a flat-screen tv, clothes rack, work desk, cleaning products and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
this self-catering accommodation features a kitchen and free wi-fi. the accommodation also provides free breakfast.
within a 15-minute drive you can reach the fügen thermal bath.
pulkovo airport is 20 km away.
a full breakfast buffet is provided each morning in the country-style lounge or on the terrace.
a full english breakfast is served each morning.
extras include bed linen.
activities such as diving and hiking can be enjoyed in the surrounding area, and there is a kayak guests can use for free.
ataturk airport is 16.1 km away.
it offers self-catering accommodation, a modern décor and exposed beams.
quality hotel atlantic is also close to the mandria regional park and to the venaria reale royal palace.
only 100 metres from aguas calientes main square, sol de oro offers rooms with free wi-fi and private bathrooms.
offering a garden, cabañas del mar is located in mompiche.
a garden with a playground surrounds the property and you can borrow bicycles at the apartment house.
a shared kitchen is available on site on request.
the accommodation has a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
the a555 motorway is also nearby.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the hostel is 1.3 km from memorial museum of victims of political persecution, 1.7 km from chinggis khan statue and 1.8 km from national museum of mongolian history.
buffet breakfast is offered every morning and the restaurant on site serves czech cuisine.
the hotel is located on the first floor of an 18th-century building without a lift.
free wifi is available at bearlincity apartments - city center west.
free wifi access is available.
there is free public parking nearby.
several café bars and restaurants can be found within short walking distance.
a coffee machine, kitchenware and toaster are also provided.
this bright apartment features modern décor and a flat-screen tv. free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom.
all rooms at mansión virreyes feature an elegant décor and are equipped with cable tv and a work desk.
located in the heart of neumarkt’s pedestrianised old town district, this privately run hotel offers comfortable rooms and a friendly atmosphere, just 700 metres from the main railway station.
lemon hotel - rouen is located in le mesnil esnard, 5.6km from rouen airport.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
technogym equipment and the teams of specialists will make sure to keep the guest fit and healthy.
shakh-name is a self-catering accommodation located in odessa.
it features self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi throughout and a free car tour of palermo city by night.
with modern décor, elena villa consists of an open-plan living and dining area.
the keplerbrücke tram station (lines 4 and 5) is just a 7-minute walk away and provides connection to the city centre.
the building is near rome’s public transport links, with vittorio emanuele and cavour metro stations a 10-minute walk away.
the schlick2000 ski resort is 5 km away, while the stubaier gletscher ski resort is 18 km from the property.
other amenities include a dining area, a balcony, a seating area with a sofa, flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a blu-ray player, and a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a bidet.
the outdoor seasonal swimming pool is open during the summer months.
each apartment has separate bedrooms, living room with a flat-screen tv and charming views of zugspitze mountain.
at hotel victoria guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge, a tour desk and free luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
offering views of the city or river, air-conditioned rooms come with a desk, flat-screen tv with iptv channels and tea/coffee making facilities.
sharm el sheikh international airport is a 10-minute drive away.
all of the rooms at au clos de beaulieu are uniquely and elegantly decorated.
the curtea de arges train station is 21 km away, and shuttle transfer is possible.
agios georgios beach is just 300 metres away.
located in český krumlov directly at lake hornobranský rybník, chill-out apartman offers a top-floor apartment featuring a terrace with outdoor furniture, barbecue facilities and views of the city.
dom zdrojowy diament spa opened in 2004 and is peacefully situated on the outskirts of kolobrzeg.
savour fine cuisine in the hotel restaurant.
guests can enjoy in-house massage services by blind masseurs. there is also access to a roof deck.
it is fitted with box-spring bedden and the bathroom features a shower.
the fingers beach is 3.8 km from boutique bed & breakfast l'amandier, while gorlero avenue is 3.9 km away.
ski storage facilities can be used at the local cable car station free of charge, and cross country skiing trails are 2 km away.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing, windsurfing and fishing.
free public parking is also available.
from december 2016, guests can unwind in the property's new spa area featuring a sauna, a steam bath, an infrared cabin and a relaxation area.
the bathroom is equipped with a walk-in shower.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can also enjoy the terrace with a view and outdoor furniture.
the hotel includes a number of facilities, including activities such as tennis, biking and hiking, and a restaurant and bar.
renovated in february 2016, kamigata oyado hachijo is conveniently situated a 4-minute walk away from kyoto station.
a complimentary soft drink is available at check-in.
bathrobes and free toiletries are offered in the private bathroom.
cafes and shops are a 10-minute walk away.
set in hradec králové, apartments stay is 1.1 km from football stadium hradec kralové.
grocery stores, a restaurant, wine cellars and a bus stop can be found 300 metres away.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
towels are provided.
all split’s major attractions, as well as numerous restaurants, bars and cafés can be found in the vicinity.
the restaurant serves traditional tuscan cuisine with homemade pasta, bread and desserts.
located in l'isle en dodon and set on 1-hectare park, gite encatello provides self-catering cottages with free private parking and free wi-fi.
offering modern indian-style rooms, lemon tree hotel electronics city, bengaluru provides comfortable accommodation with access to an outdoor pool and gym.
the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and free toiletries.
the stylish suites and studios overlook the ocean and feature free wifi.
live music and folklore shows are also available some nights.
it also offers a range of thai and european dishes.
there is a tour desk, valet parking and a 24-hour front desk at the property.
it also has grocery shopping service and a picnic area with barbecue facilities.
the air-conditioned glasshouse cottages have wooden floors, floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the mountains, and a fireplace in winter.
the attached bathrooms come with a shower.
wi-fi connection is provided in common areas.
beechworth golf course is a 4-minute drive away.
the private bathroom has a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free wifi is provided throughout the property and private parking is available on site.
bed linens are provided.
varna airport is located 62 km away.
girona, with its train station and airport, is 40 minutes’ drive away.
capodichino airport is 29 km away.
each of the rooms is comfortably furnished and has its own unique design.
situated in calella, this air-conditioned apartment is 49 km from barcelona.
canoeing and kayaking on bonaventure river are among recreational activities.
all rooms are heated and soundproofed.
buffet breakfast is offered.
guests can enjoy a swim in the seasonal outdoor pool or workout in the fitness centre.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
some offer a balcony, while others have a view of the mountains.
it will take 2 minutes to walk to ulitsa frunze bus stop from like hostel tula.
at hotel buenavista you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the flamenco tour desk sells tickets activities in the town and guests have free entry to skau disco.
the three-bedroom apartment features living and dining areas and a kitchen with a stove, washing machine and fridge.
every room also comes with a private bathroom fitted with shower. other comforts include slippers, free toiletries and towels.
the restaurant serves regional specialities and international cuisine, and snacks are available at the bar.
luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk.
complimentary wi-fi access is provided throughout the property.
each also has a kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, toaster and electric kettle.
gdynia is 34 km from agroturystyka pod jesionem, while władysławowo is 2.8 km from the property.
all rooms provide satellite tv, a bathroom and a seating area.
sanpier - alquileres temporarios is a self-catering accommodation in allen.
further to the services offered, at a surcharge the owners organise excursions to different historical places in the region.
you can prepare meals using the apartment’s kitchenette, which is equipped with a microwave, a coffee machine, a small refrigerator and an electric kettle.
the free private parking spaces are equipped with an engine heater.
rooms offer hdtvs and ipod docking stations, along with free wi-fi.
located just 10 minutes ́ drive from santa pola beach, bungalow mediterraneo offers a furnished terrace providing sea views.
fonte del cieco hotel has its own garden and terrace.
the cottage is 10-minute drive from table mountain and camps bay city centre, which is filled with trendy bars and restaurants.
all rooms provide river and forest views.
batumi train station is 7.5 km away, and batumi international airport is 5 km from anceri apartment.
the hotel features a state-of-the-art gym, free shuttle service and award-wining restaurant.
each morning breakfast is served.
other facilities at onkel residans include a spa centre, hot tub and year-round outdoor pool.
located in the centre of kastoria, doltso, venetula is a neoclassical guesthouse overlooking the lake.
some also include a minibar and are air-conditioned.
all of the private bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub.
guests can enjoy cantabrian dishes in the torre cristina’s restaurant.
some of the rooms have a shared bathroom.
a public swimming pool wellnesspark arlberg is 2.5 km away.
accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a balcony. it also offers a washing machine and a private bathroom.
the property offers free parking.
the mayorca offers a 24-hour reception service that can arrange car rentals.
nearby activities include snorkelling and fishing.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, guest house pihlajapuu offers pet-friendly accommodation in nurmes.
george best belfast airport is a 20-minute drive.
each mobile home comes with a diving equipment storage.
wi-fi is available free of charge and a terrace with barbecue facilities can be used on site.
all the rooms at the portree hotel feature a flat-screen tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
individually designed, each stylish room overlooks the countryside and includes an en suite bathroom.
le deltaplane’s restaurant serves regional cuisine with fish and seafood specialities, and guests can order mussels .
they each have a kitchenette equipped with a microwave, fridge and washing machine.
kopi on bisma serves coffee and cakes on site.
featuring brightly coloured walls and finishes, each apartment has a living-dining area with a tv and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge and washing machine.
hotel bar offers a selection of sushi dishes.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
universal studios hollywood is 7 minutes’ drive from the apartment.
many include a private balcony.
the parke tropical zoo is 15 minutes from the san marco hotel and casino.
on-site parking is free for guests.
services include boat rentals and guest laundry.
bixio terrace's apartment is a 10-minute walk from termini central station. the coliseum can be reached in 15 minutes on foot.
madonna di campiglio can be reached by car in 1 hour.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and mini golf.
free private parking is available on site.
the hotel has a shared lounge area with a tv.
restaurants and grocery shops are found within 50 metres of the property.
at hotel posada san rafael you will find a 24-hour front desk offering luggage storage and laundry facilities.
free wifi access is available at the cudworth motor inn.
the sierra nevada ski resort is a 2-hour drive away.
surrounded by a wide garden with a shared swimming pool and bbq facilities, villa calcinaia is set in the tuscan countryside, 2 km from lastra a signa.
this hotel is located directly on the beach promenade in the black sea coastal resort of adler.
the sites of san diego city centre, including the san diego zoo, are also nearby.
featuring a terrace, each unit comes with a satellite tv.
only 500 metres from the unesco-protected centre of trogir, it offers free parking and air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi.
the attached bathroom comes with shower facility, towels and free toiletries.
this is the perfect place to spend the day with all the family, enjoying the sunbathing and taking cooling dips in the pool.
homemade olive oil, wax and paper objects can be bought on site.
parking is available on site, at an extra fee.
son sant joan airport is located 17 km from the property.
the building is a listed cultural monument and features a garden and free wifi.
rogla ski area is 10 km from zimzeleni apartments. ljubljana jože pučnik airport is 73 km from the property.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, mamas restaurant and rooms is set in weligama, 2.9 km from kushtarajagala. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the airport is a 1-hour drive away.
in an area of outstanding natural beauty, houndapitt bed and breakfast offers free wi-fi throughout and free parking.
you can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
decorated with vivid-coloured walls and features a well-equipped kitchen and modern furnishings, villa mária városi lakás is an apartment in the centre of siófok, a 15-minute walk from the lake balaton.
the dining area provides dining tables where guests can share a meal.
on-board the boat, guests can sing karaoke, exchange foreign currency and store luggage.
ferienwohnungen himmelsstübchen und gartenstübchen features warmly decorated studio apartments with homelike décor.
bathrobes are provided.
just 50 metres from the characteristic fishing village of marina di puolo, hotel residence villa anna is surrounded by a large garden with tables and chairs. it offers apartments with a balcony, terrace or patio.
there is free wi-fi on site, and all rooms have flat-screen tvs with digital channels and dvd players.
the popular zona dorada is only 5 minutes’ drive away.
skiing is a popular activity in the area and both the gros murger ski lift and the troika ski lift are 200 metres from the chalet.
the front desk offers 24-hour assistance, as well as concierge service.
beach stingray inn is a 30-minute speedboat ride and a 1.5-hour ferry ride from male international airport.
start the day at the hilton garden inn savannah midtown with breakfast at the on-site garden grille restaurant and bar.
all rooms have air conditioning and heating.
some have a balcony.
the property boasts views of the garden and is 700 metres from duomo milan.
guests can visit the museum area featuring the national history museum, the anthropology museum and the palace of the fine arts.
free private parking is provided.
the nearest bus stop is just around the corner.
there is a heated patio terrace for outdoor meals and drinks.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
hotel y hostel allende is popular with young people, but people of all ages are welcome.
the m4 motorway and picturesque porthcawl are just 5 minutes’ drive away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property offers a free airport shuttle service. parking is available in the basement area.
a shuttle service is provided on request, and surgut airport is 13.5 km away.
maharaja restaurant serves indian and regional specialities.
best western lanai garden inn & suites offers free newspapers and free on-site parking.
it offers an outdoor pool, sports area and air-conditioned rooms with a balcony.
featuring free wifi, b&b villa fiorita offers pet-friendly accommodation in cepagatti.
the hotel is 28 km from the a22 autostrada del brennero motorway.
hotel facilities include a small fitness room and a tour desk.
a tv with cable channels, as well as a cd player are provided.
the secluded wraparound verandah allows you to enjoy wonderful sea views and refreshing trade winds.
this self-catering accommodation offers modern residence with thoughtful amenities, luggage storage and free wifi.
all have air-conditioning, a ceiling fan and a safety deposit box.
each room here will provide you with a balcony. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
guests can use a shared kitchen and use a refrigerator stocked with juices and water.
featuring free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool, данил и дарья offers accommodation in vityazevo, 12 km from anapa. free private parking is available on site.
dormitories at alma mía hospedaje & meditación include shared bathrooms and fans.
ganja international airport is 50 km from garabag resort&spa.
complimentary wi-fi access is provided throughout the property.
guests can enjoy a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast with eggs and cold cuts at the pircher.
the 13th-century børglum abbey is 5 km away, while lønstrup and fårup sommerland theme park are within 25 minutes’ drive.
at lucida beach hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, providing room service.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
larnaca is 7 km from the andreas apartment, while nicosia is 36 km from the property.
texas state aquarium and downtown corpus christi are both 9 miles away.
laundry facilities are also provided.
the property offers free parking.
this seasonal property is open between may and october.
laundry and luggage storage services are provided at the 24-hour front desk.
the guest house has a barbecue and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
šipun cave is at a distance of 800 metres.
free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
the closest city is świdnica, 8 km away.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
set on the coast of trieste just 800 metres from the picturesque miramare castle and grignano bay, hotel riviera & maximilian’s offers direct access to the beach between late may and mid september.
marriott killeen towneplace suites offers 24-hour reception and features an on-site business centre with fax and photocopying services.
located in the traditional village of lyttos in heraklion, oikies lyttos offers stone-built apartments with free wi-fi and a balcony overlooking the lasithi plateau.
at nk house you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
the property offers an outdoor pool, a tennis court and an on-site restaurant.
ubud homemade resto serves local specialities.
free private parking is provided on site.
all apartments have lift access, concierge service, multi-lingual staff, and 24-hour on-site security,
the main train station is just 15 minutes away by underground.
it features a communal garden and free wifi.
the bedrooms all have their own bathroom with a hairdryer.
nice way cascais features a garden, a daily breakfast buffet and free wifi access in its public areas.
each room comes complete with a tv and a private bathroom, and some rooms have a balcony.
the private bathroom has a shower.
naples is 26 km from b&b maison de charme iommella, while sorrento is 2.3 km from the property.
rab ferry port offers links to rijeka.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
organized tours to the area’s most prestigious distilleries and vineyards, as well as foie gras workshops can be organized upon request.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the tourist bus park is 4 km while the tribhuvan international airport is 7 km.
they also feature a spacious working area with ergonomic chairs and a work desk.
the apartment is a 40-minute drive from qingdao olympic sailing centre and qingdao liuting international airport.
free wifi is featured .
dessau central station is just 900 metres from pension nord, and the a9 motorway is 10 minutes by car.
angkor international airport is 8 km away.
with a scenic village location in laverstock, the hotel has elegant rooms.
there are cereals, yoghurts, toast and fresh fruit, as well as orange juice, teas and coffee.
dart and bus services are less than 3 minutes’ walk away.the hotel is an official stop for the aircoach, which departs and collects every 15 minutes, daily.
there is also a hiking track just 500 metres from the property, which has 10 km hiking trails to désert des agriates.
several restaurants, bars and cafes are in the immediate vicinity of the zigzag beograd apartments.
monti sibillini national park is 30 km from the property.
some of the apartments have a washing machine and ironing facilities.
located in monte carlo, a short walk from the beach and the harbor, sea front view - perfect location offers self-catering accommodation. this property is 1.5 km from monaco casino.
during fine weather, the beer garden and sunny terrace are the ideal place to relax.
some units include a seating area where you can relax.
this hotel is on the picturesque island of lidingö, 8 km from central stockholm.
each room has satellite tv, tea/coffee making facilities and a safety deposit box.
free wifi is included.
free wifi access is available.
laundry facilities are also available in the property.
services include an outdoor pool and terrace, business centre and free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 22 km from guesthouse komsomolskaya 8.
a private bathroom and a writing desk are included.
apartments dora also includes an outdoor pool.
the kitchenette is equipped with a dishwasher, a microwave and a coffee machine.
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
free bikes are available to explore the surroundings.
it features an outdoor heated swimming pool surrounded with sun loungers.
meeting and banquet facilities are available upon request.
a 5-minute walk from jr gotanda train station on the yamanote line, hotel mystays gotanda offers rooms with a flat-screen tv and free wifi access.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
offering a barbecue, children's playground and sun terrace, guest house flamingo is situated in olginka in the krasnodar krai region, 48 km from lazarevskoye.
mare is located just 100 metres from the sandy baltic coast in scharbeutz.
free wi-fi access is available at this property.
a free pick-up service from the train station is available on request.
siena cathedral is a 20-minute walk away.
free wifi is available .
nestled in lush green surroundings, no. 1 hotel és vendégház enjoys a central location in parád, 200 metres from the károlyi castle.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv, wardrobe, desk and tea and coffee facilities.
value hotel nice is surrounded by local shopping and dining delights.
it is located in the gaustadt district of bamberg, 300 metres from the kaiserdom brewery.
sport hotel astoria is 300 metres from both the centre of la villa and from the gardazza cable car.
there is a full kitchen with a stovetop, an oven and a refrigerator.
guests can also order indonesian and western dishes through the room service provided at the villa.
free wifi access is provided in all rooms and common areas.
each one is softly lit and decorated in warm colours.
there is free wifi access and free parking space on site.
this resort is 53 km from mattala rajapaksa international airport.
kırkpınar plateau is 10 km from the property and kastamonu airport is 35 km away.
all rooms feature parquet floors and are decorated in traditional style.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv and a minibar.
situated in one of the famous seven sisters skyscrapers in the centre of moscow, the apartments vysotka barrikadnaya is a modern, self-catering apartment 20 minutes' walk from the kremlin.
contemporary cuisine can be enjoyed in la lorelei restaurant, while seasonal dishes are offered in roots brasserie.
st. peter's basilica and the vatican museums are just 6 metro stops away.
it is 2 km from cafeterias and restaurants.
surrounded by a peaceful garden, sedanka complex is located in vladivostok.
a balcony with sea views is available in each unit. they all comprise a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom.
with plenty of leisure activities and a beautiful setting amidst the pine forest, this friendly, family-run hotel offers fun and relaxation, just 5 minutes’ walk from hisarönü’s centre.
the fully equipped kitchen includes an oven, a refrigerator and kitchenware.
a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at the americas best value inn brownsville.
a tour desk is available to make travel arrangements or sightseeing.
guests can benefit from a gym and sauna.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out tuileries garden (1 km) and notre dame cathedral (1.2 km).
historic biltmore estate and winery is 23 miles away.
centrally located in rhodes town and within 300 metres from the lively elli beach, annapolis inn offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi and a private balcony.
certain rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 21 km from mentor holiday hotel.
in the summer, breakfast is served in the garden, and an early breakfast is also available.
a launderette is located onsite.
guests can relax on the terrace or in the bar of the sighisoara hotel binderbubi.
hua hin clock tower is 1 km from i lub u huahin, while hua hin night market is 1.1 km from the property.
staff at the nevsky can help plan visits to st. petersburg's nearby attractions, including the mariinsky theatre and the philharmonic concert hall.
private parking is also available at this apartment.
you can find bars, restaurants and supermarkets within 2.5 km from the property.
pomelo garden homestay villa is set amidst tropical greenery in hoi an.
car and bike rental are arranged on request.
featuring free wifi, six apartment simona offers accommodation in vilnius.
for convenience, it features a washer and tumble dryer and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
rooms are spacious and decorated with natural materials.
the nearest airport is vienna international airport, 15 km from wohnung.
the rooms are equipped with a desk and a telephone.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
imágenes is located on a 12th floor, with a great view of brava beach and the city.
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage, go to the sauna or work out at the gym.
some of the properties have a washing machine, air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
facilities include a flat-screen tv and cooling fan.
the yha penzance has dormitory rooms with shared bathroom facilities. there is also a tv lounge with wi-fi access, and on-site laundry facilities are available.
it offers free wi-fi and a garden with a terrace.
ibias apartamentos is located in san antolín, 48 km from villafranca del bierzo. cangas del narcea is 31 km away.
castiglioncello and its beaches are a 30-minute drive away.
like hostel pyatigorsk is located in pyatigorsk.
this georgian farmhouse offers elegant rooms and a guest lounge with log fires.
sunset complex is located in kosharitsa, 6 km from sunny beach.
hotel yichen shanghai is 40 km from people’s square and 36 km from shanghai south railway station.
the on-site japanese restaurant is open for lunch and dinner.
every morning, pateo do morgado serves a continental breakfast.
some rooms come with dining area and and a kitchenette.
alicante airport is located 72 km away.
evening receptions with free beer and wine occur weekly.
a bus stop is 100 metres away and burgas airport is 45 km away.
l’onda villa is located a 10-minute drive from the popular ku de ta beach club and potato head beach club.
plenty of dining options can be found within a 3-minute walk from people loft tverskaya hotel.
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport, 19 km from the property.
after a busy day exploring st. louis city centre, guests can relax in their room and watch cable tv.
soak up the evening sun in a hammock.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a terrace, beith hotel offers rooms with air conditioning in kochi.
a high-definition cable tv, a work desk, a hairdryer and ironing facilities are provided in each guest room at clarion hotel concord.
light meals and drinks are also provided there.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
each one is decorated in warm colours and some offer antique furnishings.
all rooms and apartments have wooden floors and a private bathroom.
relaxing ambiance, large panoramic windows, balconies, high quality furniture and comfortable beds are only some of the outstanding features of each guest room.
the nearest airport is varna airport, 12 km from apartment vinitsa.
it features a top-floor pool offering sea views.
mount ulriken, the tallest mountain in bergen, is only 100 metres from the hostel.
martinique international airport is around 24 km from the karibea resort hotel amyris, while the centre of fort-de-france is 32 km away.
guests of the rosarela have access to free bicycles and a ski deposit.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
a free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first-come, first-served basis.
inner circle is 4 km from birla mandir and 26 km from hyderabad airport.
it offers free parking and rooms with free wi-fi.
the property features modern studios and apartments with free wi-fi and air conditioning.
at studios artorius you will find a garden with fresh vegetables and free-to-use barbecue facilities.
a 24/7 front desk and free on-site parking are also available.
some scottish inn suites include a stovetop, microwave, and small refrigerator.
free wifi access is available and free continental breakfast is served daily.
villa bel passo apartments is located in kefalos centre, within 100 metres of the beach, as well as the local restaurants and cafes.
the closest metro stop, széll kálmán tér, is located 1 km from the apartment and the hungarian national gallery and buda castle are a 2-minute drive away.
guests enjoy good transport links around town.
at apart hotel david you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
venus melena hotel has a spacious lobby area with internet corner, piano, bar, and tv screen.
a rich breakfast buffet is available each morning at the gasthaus am neumarkt.
the rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
corda di lana hotel and resort is in the heart of the salento area, near the ionian sea.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
there is a wide range of outdoor activities such as a water park, paddle-tennis court, surfing, beach volley and mini-market on site available for guests.
each comes with a dining area and a living room. all apartments open out to a balcony overlooking the pool and the garden.
garden views can be enjoyed from the accommodations.
pension nicoleta is 4.5 km from horezu.
this lodge is 7 km from el bolson and 12 km from lago puelo national park.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
each features a furnished balcony.
moskovsky train station is within a 10-minute drive of art apartment, and a shuttle to pulkovo international airport (23.5 km) is provided at surcharge.
located in yekaterinburg, this apartment features free wifi.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 19 km from tuchkov apartments.
featuring air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv, vale hotel aitkenvale boasts a bistro, a bar and an indoor children’s playground.
mactan international airport is a 2.5-hour drive away.
seattle-tacoma international airport is 26.8 km away.
the town of oberkirch is 17 km away, while it is 25 km to the french border.
within walking distance from the harbour and main shops, san angel suites is located in the pedregal area of cabo san lucas.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
tv rental is possible at an extra charge.
aragonese castle is 1.5 km away and ischia ferry port is about 1 km from la vispa teresa.
you may play tennis on the court, or relax with a pampering massage or a sauna.
furio camillo is just 350 metres from rome's furio camillo metro, offering links to san giovanni, the spanish steps, vatican museums and roma termini.
enjoy original features such as stone walls, wooden beams and the large, traditional courtyard.
set in an apartment building, the siesta is 50 metres from the nearest restaurant and grocery shop.
suites have a separate living room and bedroom and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
laundry and an airport transfer to port elizabeth airport (6 km) can be arranged by staff. the property can also organise tours to the addo national park and schotia safaris.
each room has a private bathroom with a shower and a tv.
a buffet breakfast is served daily in the hotel's cave des mousquetaires, a vaulted cave which was once connected to the louvre.
guests will also “love” a friendly but competitive game of tennis on the property and relax in the hot tub after.
staff can provide information about what to see and do in the ungría valley.
ideally located only a 2-minute stroll from wangfujing pedestrian street shopping area and dengshikou subway station (line 5), nanyuan e jia hotel wangfujing store offers a business centre and accommodation with free wired internet access.
the sandy beach is 300 metres away and puck train station is 550 metres from the property.
featuring an outdoor pool with a sun terrace, hotel hegsagone marine asia is located in gebze. it offers offers free wi-fi and free on-site private parking,
they are tastefully decorated and contain an apple tv, a minibar and a private bathroom.
just 300 metres from spoleto cathedral, elegant apartment in the medieval centre of spoleto is set in a historic building.
sands residence also comprises a garden and a shared lounge.
free wifi is available.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, hob, washing machine and microwave.
district line services at west kensington run direct to london victoria in less than 15 minutes.
this small rural hotel is surrounded by tropical gardens and features an outdoor swimming pool. pousada lua luana also features an on-site orchard, a sauna, games room, meeting facilities and a volleyball court.
comfort is situated in kabardinka.
the cellar door of oyster cove vineyard is 1 km away.
offering free wifi access, hotsy - totsy hotel is located in stavropol. victory park and botanic garden is 1.5 km from the property.
the property offers free parking and is 400 metres from san martin avenue and 700 metres from lanin national park.
buninskaya alleya metro station is a 12-minute walk away.
chalet prelle is a self-catering accommodation located 1 km from the ski centre of sean jean and 2.5 km from la clusaz.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation. satellite tv is available in every bedroom.
shuttle service to istanbul ataturk airport, 19 km away, can be organised at an additional charge.
it provides air-conditioned rooms, european cuisine and a sauna.
a daily buffet breakfast and à la carte lunch are available in the mahekal’s aventura restaurant.
murcia-san javier airport is 17 km from the property.
the spacious studio will provide you with satellite tv and a seating area.
rooms are all equipped with a private bathroom, a tv and a minibar.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a microwave, a small refrigerator and an electric kettle at bybee's steppingstone motel. an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer is also included.
a minibar and satellite tv are provided in each soundproofed room.
ozerny bus stop is 200 metres from ozerniy hotel.
the hotel offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a free shuttle to the beach.
sikinos town featuring whitewashed houses with colourful doors is 5 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
these family-friendly apartments are located just outside burg auf fehmarn, a 10-minute walk from the coast.
boasting an outdoor pool and a restaurant, hotel highlander is located in chã grande and offers free wifi access.
it ensures quick access to the bavarian capital.
offering outdoor pool and a fitness centre, holiday inn express hotel and suites monahans i-20 is located 9 miles from monahans sandhills state park.
pensión san justo is located in santa coloma de gramanet district, close to can peixauet metro station and only 20 minutes by public transport from barcelona’s historic town.
set in a beautiful almond grove 15 minutes’ drive from ricote, casas de ainas features an outdoor swimming pool and villas with mountain views.
cindro house is 400 metres away.
towels are available.
at cuong thanh hotel, guests can approach the staff for assistance with luggage storage and laundry services.
the restaurant serves fresh seafood dishes and a variety of cocktails.
local restaurants can be found within 1 km from the property.
trooditissa monastery is at a distance of 24 km.
a full breakfast buffet is provided at hotel edem.
offering a spa centre and indoor pool, nuga eden tangalle is set in tangalle, 1.3 km from mulkirigala rock monastery. the guest house has an outdoor pool and year-round outdoor pool, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant. free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the suites at the sunprime atlantic view all have a flat-screen tv and a balcony.
they come with a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, as well as bathroom facilities with a bathtub and a shower.
hotel abadi suite features a restaurant serving indonesian, chinese and international cuisine.
its south-facing terrace overlooks the floral garden and the hosts serve homemade jam and freshly-baked bread for breakfast.
the hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with tv sets and private bathrooms.
meijel and herthuysen are both located within a 10-minute drive.
it offers 24-hour reception and air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
the agdal hotel provides a 24-hour reception with a tour desk and free wi-fi access.
guests can work in the business centre or use the laundry facilities.
guests will receive discounted rates for breakfast at a cafè in the same building or at a pastry shop nearby.
private bathroom is only available in some bungalows and it features shower facility and free toiletries.
it provides 2 free outdoor pools and a large garden.
the bruntál castle can be visited 700 metres from the property and the sovinec castle is 10 km away. an outdoor swimming pool can be found 300 metres away and indoor swimming is possible in the bruntál water park is 600 metres away.
perfectly located in the commercial centre of lhasa, the property is only a 5-minute drive from dazhao temple and adjacent to the most famous potala palace.
guests can enjoy an alfresco atmosphere on the balcony, complete with outdoor furniture and bbq facilities.
airport shuttles can be provided on request.
the nearest airport is rhodes international airport, 55 km from the property.
chargeable barbecue tools are offered and you may arrange a lively roast with friends.
lake geneva and nyon are both an 8-minute drive away.
a tv is offered.
the uffizi gallery is a 4-minute walk away.
there is a large seating area with a dining table and a work desk.
casa din noua is located just 2 minute on foot from the aqua park.
vourvourou is 25 km from avaton luxury villas resort.
free private parking is also available on site.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the 1st city apartment vienna features a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen cable tv, a kitchen with a dining area, a bathroom with a hairdryer.
each room, painted in a different colour, comes with air conditioning, a closet and a fan.
private parking is available on site.
restaurants and shops are 30 metres away.
traditionally decorated and fitted with stone floors, all spacious rooms at amaryllis open to a balcony overlooking the hotel’s gardens. each includes a tv, coffee maker and mini fridge.
guessagain lake is 6 minutes’ drive from bed and breakfast cariboo country inn. horse lake is 20 minutes’ drive away.
these bright and stylish apartments at boardinghouse offenbach are elegantly decorated with modern furnishings and spacious natural-stone bathrooms.
villa corso italia offers accommodation in cortina d’ampezzo, 400 metres from ski lift col druscie. the apartment is 500 metres from ski lift faloria.
featuring free wifi, a restaurant and a children's playground, guest house dilidjan offers accommodation in kamensk-shakhtinskiy.
the large restaurant specialises in polish cuisine.
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre, hotel nautilos capurgana is located in capurganá.
located in batumi, merabi guest house offers rooms, suites and studios with free wifi access.
all units come with a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a dvd player, an outdoor seating area and full air-conditioning.
the solarium can be used for an additional fee.
the rooms have a rustic style, tiled floors, and a tv.
each of the rooms at landgasthof pleister mühle comes equipped with a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
guests can exercise at the hotel’s fitness room or relax in the jacuzzi.
laundry service and daily maid service are provided.
the nearest airport is schiphol airport, 7 km from the property.
theos village enjoys an enviable location almost halfway between the city of chania and the resorts of agia marina and platanias.
located 500 metres from dsb-mittelstation and 600 metres from gaislachkogelbahn, alpen diamond top 500 can be found right at the ski slopes of sölden.
it offers self-catering accommodation with rustic décor.
a stroll away from lungomare marconi in alba adriatica, hotel fattoria mare offers air-conditioned rooms with a panoramic balcony.
located in the heart of al hoceima city, hotel la marina features a concierge service and 24-hour front desk.
a lounge with fireplace, terrace with water views and daily buffet breakfast are available.
shower facilities are in an en suite bathroom.
beijing yasiming haisheng service apartment is 1.1 km from guijie street.
towels and bed linen are provided.
olympic star offers all the comforts for a pleasant stay.
all rooms have large windows to allow an even better view of the magnificent surroundings.
varna airport is 47 km away.
laundry services and currency exchange are available.
situated just 1 mile from norwich airport, the 4-star mercure norwich hotel has a feel good health club, with a pool, gym and sauna. with a restaurant, it is 3 miles from the city centre and offers complimentary high-speed wi-fi throughout.
home to a friendly dog, the property features a private garden.
extras include slippers and towels.
featuring a bath or a shower, bathrooms also come with towels.
kensington court is less than 3 miles from the university of bath.
the resort has a private beach area and water sports facilities, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
offering an outdoor pool, barbecue and children's playground, liesak resort and spa is located in debre zeyit. the resort has a spa centre and water sports facilities, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
rio grande gorge bridge is 20 minutes’ drive from the bed and breakfast.
motel evropa offers pet-friendly accommodation in sychkovo.
our interesting leisure offers and the bright hotel rooms contribute to our guests’ well-being and will make their stay an unforgettable experience.
free bicycles are available.
the house has free wifi and comes with a full kitchen, seating area and a furnished terrace overlooking the gardens.
free wifi access is available.
the nearest supermarket is 2 km from apartmenthaus solino. a selection of restaurants and bars can be found within a 10-minute walk.
gues can enjoy the hostal rte. elena’s bar and restaurant.
stralsund train station is only 100 metres from villa am jungfernstieg.
the sardine festival is organized here every summer.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
tobolsk train station is 9.2 km away, and roshchino international airport is 264 km from suzge hotel.
porto-vecchio is 40 km from b&b la residenza del mare, while olbia is 44 km from the property.
set in the traditional wooden house, it comprises rooms with cable tv, wood-panelled walls and ceilings.
activities on site include canoeing, fishing and horse riding.
the basement includes a wine cellar with italian wines.
a flat-screen tv and a seating area are featured in all air-conditioned hyatt place atlanta alpharetta north point mall rooms.
the egon schiele art centre is only 300 metres away.
there is a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher.
rooms are fan-cooled and fitted with an en suite bathroom and shower facilities.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can offer information on the scenic town of nafplio within a 10-minute drive.
bed linen is provided.
the ap7 motorway is easily accessible and las ramblas de orihuela golf club is a 15-minute drive away.
housing a restaurant, guests can enjoy a tasty selection of local dishes on site.
a tv is offered.
cagliari elmas airport is 11 km from the property.
during the day, club caribbean’s professional animation team is ready to keep everyone entertained.
no meals are served at the property.
the caroline ferienwohnung offers a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer and furthermore a sun terrace with outdoor furniture.
the property is 3 km from savudrija and 6 km from umag.
all rooms have free wi-fi access, flat-screen satellite tv and minibar.
relaxation facilities at anapa lazurnaya include the sauna and the swimming pool with a sun terrace and loungers.
located inside a condo 2,5 km from pernambuco beach, guarujá house offers an outdoor pool and barbecue facilities.
featuring rainshower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
towels and bed linen are available at undory holiday home.
barin apartment offers self-catering accommodation located in bucharest, 300 metres from romanian athenaeum and 300 metres from national museum of art.
bus cards, city maps, and brochures are provided for free.
free wifi is available in the rooms.
studio also comprises a balcony and a fully equipped kitchen, while guests staying in rooms have a common kitchen and a tv room at their disposal.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
a washing machine is also available.
located 2 minutes’ walk from the canazei-pecol cable car, apartments cableway canazei offers apartments with views of the dolomites.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit.
guests have access to a fitness centre, solarium and free bikes.
2 restaurants and the stara koca (old cottage) with a fireplace offer traditional pohorje / slovenian and international cuisine.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
european cuisine is served in the on-ste restaurant, and you can also start your day with a breakfast in the restaurant.
free wifi access is available in all guestrooms.
just over 5 miles from zombeezi bay, this hotel offers oversized suites with full kitchens and fireplaces.
the staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage service.
beauty treatments and massages are also available upon prior reservation.
private bathrooms come either with a bathtub or a shower and free toiletries.
cornavin train station is a 15-minute walk away, and guests receive a free pass for public transport.
it offers free wi-fi, modern design and an italian restaurant. on-site parking is free.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
the building offers 2 lifts, a concierge service and secure door entry.
hotel neuhaus is situated directly on the ski slopes and is only a short walk from the cable cars and lifts.
a minibar and a tv with canal+ channels feature in the guest rooms, which have a simple décor.
el sol avenue is 100 metres away.
the elegant rooms come with satellite tv, marble bathrooms and they offer free wifi.
ibis budget málaga aeropuerto avenida de velazquez has a 24-hour bar and café, and a restaurant offering typical spanish dishes in the evenings.
rooms come with a private or shared bathroom.
rooms come with a satellite tv and wardrobe. shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
expo valencia is a 5-minute metro journey from the city centre, and túria metro station is just outside the door.
herzstein memorial museum is less than 50 miles away.
each room is equipped with a tv, seating area and a wardrobe.
featuring a balcony with city views, the rooms come with a minibar and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
miami children's museum is 2.6 km from studio on northwest 1st avenue 3, while bayfront park is 3 km away.
airport shuttle is available at a surcharge.
it offers 2 private bathrooms with a bath tub or shower.
en suite bathrooms come with hot water showers and bath amenities.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the room comes with a flat-screen tv.
some rooms have an en suite bathroom.
the caravan features a private bathroom with shower, a seating area with sofa and a flat-screen tv.
located on krnovo mountain, hotel vucje enjoys quiet surroundings 19 km from niksic village center.
all accommodation units comprise satellite tv and a bathroom with shower.
nestled among swaying trees and steps away from the beach, angel lanta bungalow is located in ko lanta.
the qutub minar is 8 km and lotus temple is 20 km.
the nearest airport is arrecife airport, 14 km from the property.
the suites are a very large 76 square metres.
the property is 600 metres from national museum of iceland and 900 metres from harpa concert hall & conference centre.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
a full english breakfast is served in the morning, and there is also a continental menu available.
a 24-hour reception is offered at buttonwillow racetrack motel 6 lost hills. a launderette is available on site.
there is an additional bathroom.
only 200 metres from the jakubkova lúka ski resort, villa gerlach is set in novy smokovec within slovakia's oldest national park.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and washing machine.
offering balconies with a river view, pousada rio da lua is located in paraty, just over 3 km from paraty airport.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
grand swiss-belresort tala bay features rooms with large windows leading to a private balcony, some of which overlook the red sea.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
private bathroom in each unit is fitted with a bath or shower. for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured.
a shuttle service is available against a surcharge.
there are 2 twin bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a bath or shower.
kitchens include a microwave and an oven.
set 4.2 km from the heritage centre & aerospace museum in bangalore, zo rooms whitefield features free wifi access and free private parking.
located in taghazout, appartemet la piscine offers an outdoor pool.
the hotel’s staff can arrange car and bicycle rental, or schedule tours in the region.
espe academy aix-marseille university is 900 metres from fanette, while espe aix-en-provence university is 900 metres away.
this okanogan hotel, located less than 10 minutes’ drive from central omak, offers a heated outdoor pool and a continental breakfast buffet with hot waffles and fresh fruit.
satellite tv and a dvd player are also included.
located 58 miles from salt lake city, this brigham city motel is a short walk away from a variety of restaurants.
valet cleaning services and laundry facilities are both available on the premises for added guest convenience.
a grocery shop can be found in the same building and the closest restaurant is 200 metres away.
being in the centre of ciampino you are surrounded by cafés and restaurants.
the shopping street of kneza mihailova is 3 km away.
various cafes, bars and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk of the property.
private dining is possible with room service.
there is also a terrace.
free private parking is possible on site.
other facilities like a barbecue and a sandpit are offered.
you can also access the beach in 10 km.
fitted with a furnished outdoor area, apartments at casa con vista will provide you with a tv and a seating area.
fourways inn is 10 minutes’ walk from belmont ferry.
this hotel is officially adapted for guests with reduced mobility.
the property offers free parking.
a 6-seater dining table is also included.
the hotel has wi-fi and parking spaces (charges applicable).
genoa airport can be reached in around 1 hour by car.
it boasts a spa, fitness centre and outdoor pool.
transfer services to salzburg, munich, venice, milan and to lake garda are available on request.
they come with a tv, kitchen or kitchenette and dining table.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
guests can enjoy water sport facilities, including windsurfing, snorkelling, and diving.
the millstättersee-inclusive card is included in the rates during summer and entitles to free access to many museums, and to free use of all beaches and the public indoor pool.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven. a flat-screen tv is available.
massages are available, at a surcharge.
featuring a balcony, the accommodation comes with a seating and dining area.
outside there is a seating area with wooden tables and a small garden.
split international airport is 25 km from the sweet dreams accommodation.
just off interstate 5, this hotel is 5 minutes' walk from the sandy white beaches in downtown oceanside, california.
it offers free parking and is a 20-mintue drive from pratunam shopping centre.
the property offers free parking.
the bright apartments include a living area with armchairs and a tv, as well as a private bathroom.
the alpi apuane regional park is a 15-minute drive from labarchettaok.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen featuring a tv. you will find an xbox 360 in the property's lounge.
luggage storage, laundry and fax/photocopying services are also available at extra charges.
it offers spacious apartments with kitchenette. the property features free public parking.
elegant yet rustic, rooms and holiday homes offer garden views and a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries.
the town centre is about 2 km from the property. the hétkúti hotel is about 25 km from the city of székesfehérvár, and budapest is 90 km away.
doubletree by hilton qingdao-jimo is located in the heart of jimo. at doubletree by hilton qingdao-jimo you will find a restaurant and a fitness centre.
recreation facilities include a fitness room and a well-stocked library with a wide variety of reading material, dvds and internet stations.
set in alanya, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace. nl, seven stars 2 b/r luxury boasts views of the sea and is 7 km from alanya red tower.
located just 1.5 km from cala fustera beach, holiday villa naranjos 16 villa offers an outdoor pool, a garden and a terrace with kitchen and barbecue facilities 4.8 km from calpe.
a bar service is also available during summer.
certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the rimigliano nature park by the tuscan archipelago can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
it is a 20-minute drive to thatluang temple.
this ace hotel is located 4.5 km from roanne train station.
you can also take a boat trip to vienna, budapest or devín castle from a personal landing stage.
traditional cuisine can be sampled in la quietat’s on-site restaurant.
grocery delivery and in-room breakfast are available upon request.
musse is located in blåvand. it accommodates six people.
a full kitchen and a private entrance are included.
cvjetni square is 11.5 km from hotel stella best western, while ban jelačić square can be reached in 12 km.
at apart eggli guests can also relax in a garden featuring barbecue facilities.
free wifi is available throughout.
offering free parking and free wi-fi, this property features a bar and a garden with outdoor pool.
free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
soluna is 5 minutes' drive from el paso international airport.
each air-conditioned bedroom has a flat-screen tv, personal safe and an en suite bathroom with a bathtub.
comiso airport is about a 35-minute drive away.
guests benefit of a free access to a seasonal outdoor pool located 50 metres from the property, by a partner hotel.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
an airport shuttle service is available with an extra cost.
guests can relax in the garden or enjoy themselves reading a book in the lobby, which features a fireplace.
it features self-catering accommodation with a balcony.
the rooms at relais du silence domaine de bel air are decorated in a contemporary style and include an lcd tv.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
a children's playground, games room and a mini market are included on the camp site.
the boutique hotel spedition is located in a historically protected building in thun, 30 km from interlaken and 60 km from gstaad and offers free wifi.
at holiday home broholmvej korsør iv you will find a sauna, a hot tub, a terrace and a woodburning stove.
the bio centre in martinsried is only 2 km away.
cape st francis beach is only a short walk away from the apartments.
the apartment has a tv and air conditioning.
within 10 km of the hotel there are 2 separate golf clubs.
hotel el eden is located 5 minutes’ walk from dominicus beach and 3 km from bayahibe beach.
guests have access to a common kitchen and a social area with free wi-fi and tv.
area activities include fishing, golfing and the hälsingeleden hiking trail, 1 km away.
the statue of our lady of lebanon at harissa is a 15-minute drive away.
front desks staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange quad rides and concierge services.
this property offers non-smoking rooms with a flat-screen tv and free wifi.
room and laundry service are also available.
on site, cooking training can be enjoyed at an extra cost.
spa services and facilities are available for a fee.
ski passes are available to purchase at big white chateau.
a daily continental breakfast can be enjoyed for an extra fee.
this air-conditioned house with free wifi includes a living area with a tv with dvd player.
located in a typical jugend-style building in the centre of pärnu, this hostel offers private and dormitory rooms with free wi-fi and park views.
l'angolo's modern rooms are air-conditioned and feature elegant furnishings.
you can relax on the flowery terrace or make use of the bbq facilities here at the family-run la torretta b&b.
at chateau royal, guests can approach the staff for assistance with luggage storage, currency exchange and laundry services.
surrounded by shops and bars, hostal virgen del villar is situated in the centre of laguna de duero, known for its yearly bull-running festival.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a satellite tv and a seating area.
the norman fortress richmond castle has fine views across the yorkshire dales and is a 6-minute drive from low gingerfield farm b&b.
the apartment comes with a seating area, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a bath, a shower and a hairdryer.
a wide range of therapies and treatments is available.
colombo international airport is located 90 km from the property.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
hotel paola is located in the centre of milan, just 200 metres from loreto metro station and the shops of corso buenos aires.
the fischstüberl rottau is an ideal base for hiking, cycling and skiing in the chiemgau region.
the bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer.
guests enjoy sea and pool view.
in summer, a garden with barbecue facilities is available, as well.
balandra restaurant is built around a cosy fireplace and features large windows offering lake and volcano views. it serves national and international cuisine.
the area is popular for fishing and hiking.
it features a garden with barbecue facilities and free wifi in public areas.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
fluently-conversed in english and vietnamese, the friendly staff at danh uy 2 hotel may assist guests with luggage storage, laundry and ticketing services.
set on the ground floor, the spacious apartment features a living area with a flat-screen tv and cable channels and a ipod dock with phone charger.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bidet.
the hotel is 5 km from siena train station.
the dongguan railway station is 12 km from the leisure hotel. the shenzhen bao'an international airport is 43 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding, cycling, hiking, golf and a water park.
the property offers free parking.
nearby there is a restaurant (2,5 km) and a shopping area (2,5 km).
start your excursions through the seewinkel and retreat afterwards to this wonderful oasis of peace, to pamper body and soul in the large wellness area.
there is a well-equipped kitchen for the preparation of meals.
the handcrafts market, the central park and the anthropology museum can be reached in 10 minutes by foot.
the open-air amarta restaurant offers an intimate dining experience by the beach.
each room comes with air conditioning, an electric kettle and a fan.
an airport shuttle is available upon request.
free wi-fi access is provided in most of the property.
some suites are fitted with a balcony.
they are all fitted with pleasant garden, mountain or creek views.
fezőr panzió és étterem is set in körmend, 1 km from the train station and within 2 km from körmend castle park, and features rooms with free wifi, and a restaurant with hungarian cuisine.
all units share bathroom facilities.
guests at la bradul inalt have access to a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area, and barbecue facilities are also at their disposal.
rho fiera exhibition centre and san siro football stadium are both a 10-minute drive away
guests staying at the mercure are welcome to use the free internet terminal in the lobby.
uzkanaves is 3.7 km away from the palanga international airport.
louis armstrong new orleans international airport is 31 minutes' drive away.
offering a wide sea-view garden, dodici lune is set in a peaceful hilly area of marina d’andora, a 10-minute walk to the beaches.
guesthouse bruschetti is 600 metres from naviglio della martesana canal.
just off highway 65, this merrillville hotel features an indoor pool and classically furnished rooms equipped with cable tv and free wi-fi.
towels and bed linen are offered at best mikhailovsky.
the open-plan kitchenette is well equipped for self-catering needs.
some units have a dishwasher.
situated off of interstate 5 in laguna hills, this elegant hotel is 14 miles from salt creek beach park.
free on-site parking is provided by vakantiehuis "het rode huis".
a grocery shop can be found within 100 metres from the calypso hotel. the bus stop with regular transport to the old nessebar and the new part, is set 50 metres away.
the family-run apostolis studios is located in tsoutsouros village of heraklion, just 100 metres from the beach and within 200 metres from restaurants and mini markets.
the szilvásvárad train station is 600 metres away.
all non-smoking rooms are air conditioned and includes bed linen and towels.
bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
it is also near restaurants and shops.
the location is especially good for all kinds of live music venues within a 7-8 minute walk.
uzhgorod castle is 1.2 km from the hotel, and uzhgorod drama theater is a 15-minute walk away.
ulcinj ́s old town is situated 4 km from the property, while the ada bojana area is reachable within 10 minutes by car.
built in 2013, riviera gostevoy dvor is located on the ashe river in krasnodar krai.
guests can enjoy the new year's eve fireworks show from their private terraces.
sainte agathe golf course is 15 minutes away.
a fitness centre and spa pool is available at the adjacent grand hotel delle terme.
boasting spacious apartments, the hale pau hana resort is set on a private beach in south maui, a short distance from popular attractions and activities.
coral restaurant serves a variety of seafood, north indian and local delights.
in summer the surroundings of hotel waldfrieden are ideally suited for hiking, mountain biking, and water sports.
fairlawns guest house is a family run bed and breakfast located in the heart of banbury, in oxfordshire.
a flat-screen satellite tv and dvd player are included in all the rooms.
the rooms offer air conditioning and tv.
it features a garden with a heated outdoor swimming pool and a furnished terrace.
various dining options can be found a short walk from the inn. mini-hotel pride has a snack bar on site.
bird watching is available near villars-les-dombes, a 25-minute drive from the property.
select rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
the accommodation has a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv.
tashkent international airport is 7 km from the hyatt regency tashkent.
the nearest metro station is tsereteli, a 5-minute walk away.
hotel manja offers laundry services, city transfers and car rental services at an added cost.
the apartment includes a living room with a flat-screen tv, dvd player and fireplace.
a free-use internet terminal and free wired internet are provided in the lobby.
guests can relax in the shaded garden with a drink or coffee from the bar.
a bus stop can be reached at a distance of 300 metres.
it offers free wi-fi and a restaurant serving swiss cuisine in the evenings.
ibiza airport can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
sofia’s city centre is a 10 minutes’ drive away.
located at an altitude of 610 metres, in epanochori village of crete, the family-run eriki studios& apartments features a traditionally decorated guestrooms with views over the garden or the mountain.
the modern kitchen includes a hob, oven and microwave, as well as a dishwasher and washing machine.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
offering outdoor pool and a restaurant, hotel caledonia inn boasts stunning mountain views and is 7.5 km from nova friburgo centre. free wi-fi access and private parking are available.
a beachfront property on koh samui’s bangrak beach, samui lodge & home resort features air-conditioned rooms and a thai restaurant.
the guest house is located 4 km from ao nang krabi boxing statidum and nopparat thara beach.
the property is 100 metres from long market and 100 metres from artus court.
guests can enjoy drinks from the olde world bar at doriam guest house.
appartamenti pino italico are a 5-minute drive from the centre of rosignano marittimo and 17 km from cecina.
the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool, guest laundry facilities, a bar and a restaurant.
adler-sochi international airport is 24 km from the property.
inspired by the tribal art and decor of the ancient kurumba people, the charming guestrooms all come with a flat-screen tv and a private balcony.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
also there are a lot of various cafes and restaurants within 5 minutes’ walk from kuptsov dom.
champs elysées arc de triomphe is a self-catering apartment located in paris’ 17th district, just 550 metres form the arc de triomphe and 800 metres from champs-elysées.
free wi-fi access is available.
the restaurant offers local specialities and a buffet breakfast served in a chalet style restaurant.
noosa heads is a 3-minute drive away.
the property features a restaurant that serves local cuisine, a bar and a garden with children’s playground.
it is also easily accessible by the ring road.
holiday home syrenvej skjern i is located in lem and can accommodate up to six persons.
all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower and free toiletries.
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port, with frequent links to various adriatic destinations, are 2 km from the apartment ankica.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
home club hotel ping an branch is a 15-minute walk from feixiang park subway station and a 20-minute walk from baiyun scenic area.
all rooms are equipped with satellite tv, a phone, and a private bathroom with a shower or bath and a hairdryer.
the kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, coffee brewer and cooking facilities.
free private parking is available on site.
it provides a communal guest kitchen and laundry room for guests.
this manhattan beach, california hotel is within a 15-minute walk to manhattan beach pier.
the resort provides luxury speed boats which can take guests to the beautiful snorkelling points at koh tao and koh nang yuan.
each bungalow has a private bathroom with a toilet and a shower.
the rooms at dreamers b&b feature air conditioning, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and complimentary tea and coffee setup.
the caleta dorada complex has a gym, small football pitch and squash court.
a 24-hour fitness centre is located on site.
opéra marigny is located in the 8th arrondissement in paris, between the famous opéra garnier and place de la madeleine.
pazhou complex is an 8-minute drive away.
located in the historic centre of acireale, elisir offers simple accommodation with bike rental.
the path of the gods passes 60 metres away.
hotel gerard d'alsace also features free wi-fi and free on-site parking.
set in the centre of lazarevskoye the property provides quick access to the central 30-letiya pobedy park, and the nautilus aqua park is less than 1 km away.
they are furnished with parquet floors, fireplaces and comfortable seating areas.
each also includes a private bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
spa facilities include a steam bath, sauna, herbal sauna, sun bed, infrared cabin, and rooftop fitness room.
just 500 metres from flamingo international airport, you&sea bonaire apartments is located in kralendijk city.
guest house domashniy is a self-catering accommodation located in sevastopol, a 15-minute walk from pivdenna bay.
charles bridge is 1.4 km from václavská apartment, while old town square is 1.4 km from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
this city-centre hotel is conveniently located between the plaza de las estaciones transport hub and the city’s charming, traditional fishing district.
guests of this hotel can enjoy a daily continental breakfast.
an airport shuttle service can be arranged. luggage storage facilities are also available.
centrally located in the historical peninsula, this hotel is only 200 metres from blue mosque, and 550 metres from hagia sophia.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
although there is no on-site dining option, the hotel is within a 5-minute walk from several restaurants.
agrousadba privolie is a holiday home with free wifi throughout the property, located in lyakhovshchina. the air-conditioned unit is 20 km from minsk. free private parking is available on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
all the en suite bathrooms are equipped with complimentary toiletries.
katoomba manor offers stylish and modern suites just 650 metres from katoomba train station.
certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and come with slippers and free toiletries.
the san carlo opera house is 1-minute walk away.
featuring parquet floors and simple furniture, the air-conditioned rooms have a tv, private bathroom with free toiletries and a desk.
maharana pratap airport is 22.3 km from the hotel.
all rooms offer free wi-fi.
isaakievskaya ploshchad bus stop and sadovaya metro station are 5 minutes’ walk from hostel na kazanskoy, offering a direct link to moskovskiy train station.
the majority of them have a private bathroom; and the shared bathrooms have a bath or shower.
rethymnon town lies within 6 km from bell’ elen apartments, while chania town is 65 km away.
located in a natural reservation, pousada jataí features air-conditioned rooms with sea view on cabo frio ́s beautiful foguete beach.
the holiday home fjand strand ulfborg ix is located in thorsminde, at 89 km from the billund airport.
the à la carte restaurant serves traditional dishes.
a free ski bus stop is 1 minute on foot from villa anna.
guests can also enjoy a meal at the hotel's restaurant, alto gusto ristorante, which provide italian dishes cooked with fresh italian produce.
all rooms are air-conditioned and feature large windows overlooking the garden, coffee and tea-making facilities and a flat-screen tv with 200 international channels.
extras include slippers and a hairdryer.
the bed and breakfast also offers car hire.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
it features a mahogany entrance door and functional décor.
king abdullah sport city and al othaim mall are 4.6 km from dorrat aldeblomat.
located 700 metres from a sandy beach, residence marinedda misuaglia offers aparments in a peaceful area.
each suite displays exposed beams and original stone walls, and is decorated in a contemporary style.
located in blanes, one-bedroom apartment in blanes i is an apartment boasting a year-round outdoor pool.
airport shuttle can be requested and public parking is possible nearby for surcharge.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
treatments are available for an extra charge.
cala cortina beach is 15 minutes’ drive away.
this accommodation features free wifi and private parking.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
the punta pizzo natural reserve is 5 km away.
rooms at hotel zoe by amano group feature a remarkable design with untreated concrete, dark contrasts and warm lighting.
the spa area includes a sauna, steam bath, and infrared cabin.
the centre of cerkno is 4 km away.
breakfast is available in the hacienda mérida’s à la carte restaurant.
the en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
guests can prepare meals in the romantik flair’s fully-equipped kitchen, with supermarkets, cafés and restaurants found within a 10-minute walk.
all of the functional rooms at elgg bed and breakfast come with shared bathroom facilities and enjoy views of the garden.
it offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi throughout.
insotel punta prima prestige suites & spa is just 300 metres from punta prima beach.
regional specialities are served in the hotel’s 2 cosy dining areas and in the idyllic beer garden.
set in sanur, this air-conditioned villa features a year-round outdoor pool.
the motel is 2.3 km from palm aire country club and 2.6 km from isle of capri casino and race track.
st. mary’s hospital is less than 2 km away.
some rooms have wood-beamed ceilings, while others have a balcony.
the air-conditioned apartments feature an open-space area with kitchenette, dining table and sofa.
spring river golf course is 10 minutes’ drive away. bitter lake national wildlife refuge is 22 minutes’ drive away.
the phelipe aerhotel is well connected to the rest of the region by the a3 motorway.
shanklin chine, a beautiful coastal woodland area with a waterfall, is a 15-minute walk from clarence house b and b. shanklin and sandown golf club is 2 miles away and newport town centre is a 20-minute car journey away.
traditional multi-course meals are served for dinner and a japanese set-menu for breakfast. all meals are served at the dining room.
fully-equipped chalets surrounded by a lush garden with an outdoor pool are offered at bosque encantado cabañas.
free wifi and free parking are available.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground, shops (on site) and an ironing service.
the nearest airport is samui airport, 15 km from villa charlotte.
taverns and mini markets lie within 50 metres from christeluda, while the centre of neos marmaras is 3.5 km away.
the hotel is located 5 km from gurgaon railway station and 3 km from city center mall.
mantasol is situated 45 km to faro airport and 10 km from the spanish border.
private bathrooms have heated shower facilities.
bathroom comes with free toiletries, a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the lake or pool.
only 2 minutes by car from lavarone, hotel caminetto offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spacious garden with sun loungers and a children’s playground.
the tampa – brandon holiday inn express offers fitness and business centers for guest use.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries.
the reception is 24 hours and a launderette is on site.
the fully-equipped kitchen includes a dining area.
vitoria airport is 45 minutes' drive away.
budget rooms taksim is located in istanbul, 500 metres from istiklal street.
shanghai new international expo centre is 15 km away while shanghai disney resort is 9 km away.
the rooms have a private bathroom.
a continental breakfast with scones, pastries and jams can be enjoyed daily.
the spacious restaurant has polished wooden floors and exposed brick walls. it serves fine british cuisine and includes herefordshire beef, fresh fish and locally sourced venison on the menu.
avenida metro station is just a 5-minute walk and features connections with most of the city’s emblematic areas.
paveletskiy train station is a 30-minute ride away by metro, offering links to domodedovo international airport.
each room at golden park hotel ribeirão preto has a 26" lcd tv with cable channels.
santa flavia train station is 3 km away and palermo airport is 30 km from the property.
a sandy beach can be reached in 800 metres.
featuring a large clubhouse with a heated indoor pool and spa, this resort is located just off interstate 2 and us highway 83.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
guests are welcome to self-cater on site or visit restaurants and bars a 5-minute drive away in warrnambool.
cityzen is a 15-minute drive from sanur beach and a 20-minute drive from downtown denpasar.
guest house na privetlivoi offers pet-friendly accommodation in kabardinka.
located opposite cochin shipyard, harbour view residency offers air-conditioned rooms with sweeping views of the harbour. its modern facilities include 3 dining options, a 24-hour front desk and free parking.
free wi-fi is available in the reception area.
the private bathroom includes slippers, free toiletries and shower facility.
the fitness centre, full-service spa, and tennis court are on site for added convenience.
the double bedroom has a wardrobe and an en suite bathroom with shower, hairdryer and complementary toiletries.
free public parking is available near the sala palatului apartament, and shuttle transfer to the airport is possible at a surcharge.
the apartment is 600 metres from girandella beach rabac.
kitulgala house is 75 km from colombo international airport and a 2.5-hour drive from colombo.
breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury items, such as cold cuts and cheese.
free wifi access is accessible throughout and free parking is possible on site.
there are 5 km of canals and waterways within the marina and marina martinique b & b has a pontoon boat for cruises.
simply furnished rooms have a cable tv, a fridge and a minibar.
the air-conditioned unit is 5 km from smolensk historic museum.
free wifi access is available.
mustang beach airport is 5 minutes' drive from the property.
it is a 15-minute walk to the vibrant nightlife of surfers paradise.
all guests have access to the lounge, which has a tv and a kitchenette including a coffee machine.
set in the historic centre of venice, venetian apartments boasts air-conditioned accommodation.
the hotel’s restaurant with wooden furniture and wall art serves russian cuisine, and there is also a night café on site.
saint sarkis cathedral and ovanes church are a 3-minute walk away, and the blue mosque is a 3-minute walk from the property.
the feldtal bus stop is only 5 minutes away from the hessengüetli.
further facilities include air-conditioning, a tv and a seating area.
directly opposite brighton’s new i360 tower, the regency is a city centre hotel in brighton.
styled in subdued complimentary colours, each room has modern features like a flat-screen tv and a coffee machine.
some rooms have windows.
free wifi access is available.
free parking is available on site.
heho airport can be reached under 19 km from the resort.
breakfast is available every morning at the restaurant zur furth, which features an authentic chinese interior.
most room categories come with a microwave and refrigerator.
kazan state university is 3.6 km from apartment on dashnaya, while peter and paul cathedral is 4.2 km from the property.
all of the colourful guest rooms offer free wi-fi.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
there are also a living room, a dining area and 2 bathrooms.
airport shuttles can be arranged at an added cost.
batory shopping centre is 2.2 km from apartament na grabówku, while świętojańska street is 2.5 km away.
within 100 metres from the beach in protaras area, architect's villa offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace, and a garden.
set by the forest in rymáně and 50 metres from the train and bus station, penzion u kašných offers a restaurant and an infra sauna on site.
the modern hotel rooms have a private bathroom.
this four-bedroom house offers a living room, a dining area, a flagrant garden and barbecue facilities.
at mega hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
it offers homely interiors and a well-equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the property offers free parking.
the centre of mondsee is 3 km away.
this central nuuk hotel is less than 6 km from nuuk airport.
the hilton garden inn valdosta has an outdoor pool and gym.
a veloergometer can be used free of charge.
guests can enjoy the fabulous gold coast weather on the sun terrace.
a fully equipped kitchen with stove, microwave oven and fridge is provided in all units at the dimma seaside houses.
bed & breakfast sous les toits de paris is a modern studio set on the top floor, located 700 metres from gare de l'est.
it offers free wi-fi and free parking.
bangla road is 1.2 km from blue light residence, while phuket simon cabaret is 1.2 km from the property.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out zell am see-kaprun golf course, which is 2.4 km away.
each guest room at the days inn city center features cable tv, a microwave, and a refrigerator.
they come with a private bathroom stocked with toiletries and a hairdryer.
guests have the option of having breakfast on their private veranda or under the pergolas in the garden.
rooms are functional decorated.
free wifi access is available.
the property includes 2 bathrooms and an equipped kitchen, featuring a dining area.
the family-run hotel is located in the village of wißmannsdorf, in the eifel mountains.
the radau bus stop is 200 metres away, and it is 1 km to a golf course and the nearest restaurant.
the fort myers la quinta inn & suites includes an indoor pool and laundry facilities.
free private parking is offered nearby the archontariki villa.
a minimarket can be found directly opposite the property.
they have a private bathroom featuring a bathtub and shower.
the restaurant serves international cuisine and the garden also provides barbecue facilities.
leisure activities during summer include hiking and mountain biking.
santo antônio do pinhal centre is 1.5 km away.
ancienne poterie offers pet-friendly accommodation in dives-sur-mer.
free wifi and a garden terrace are offered at apartment luti pula.
the property’s extensive grounds feature a tennis court, hot tub and bbq facilities.
it is 11 km from jaipur airport.
the property is a 20-minute drive from the capanne di marcarolo natural park.
the savannah spa offers a range of therapies in 3 treatment rooms.
the property offers free parking.
the nearest airport is dubrovnik airport, 15 km from the property.
located in the gulf of guinea on the island of são tomé and príncipe, hotel miramar by pestana offers an outdoor swimming pool, terrace with sun loungers and a garden.
several restaurants featuring austrian and international cuisine are located within a range of 2 km.
room service is offered as an added guest convenience.
situated in gràcia district, famous for its trendy bars and artisan shops, hostal guest house barcelona offers rooms with free wifi and heating. sagrada familia cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
the property enjoys city views and is offers free wifi access and a snack bar.
they are equipped with a mini fridge, electric kettle and flat-screen tv. all units also feature a living area and an en-suite bathroom with bathtub or shower.
sited in the central area of the city, the studios are a 5-minute walk from a number of local restaurants, shops and cafés.
saryarka velodrome is 1 km from apartments expo boulevard 97.
located 3 miles from rocktenn, this jonesboro motel features free wireless internet access and local calls.
the hotel also has vending machines with snacks and drinks.
free private parking is available on site.
each room has a simple, modern décor and have deluxe bedding.
offering rooms with air conditioning, casa dei gelsomini is located in bovalino marina, 700 metres from the beach.
located in lagonisi, this apartment features a garden with a barbecue.
grocery deliveries and shuttle services are provided upon request.
ricany train station is a 5-minute walk from the hotel, which provides direct transport links to prague in 25 minutes.
they are equipped with a satellite tv and a mini bar.
free transfers from the zermatt train station are offered.
appartement le barla is located in the heart of nice harbour area. it offers a furnished terrace, free wi-fi and air-conditioning, just a 10-minute walk from the old town’s beaches and the harbor.
the property is a 45-minute drive from tangkuban perahu mountain and a 1.5-hour drive from husein sastranegara airport.
the studio apartment will provide guests with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
featuring a garden with bbq facilities, villa chiara is set in a quiet area of montiglio monferrato.
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet.
orlinds tunas is 5 minutes’ walk from sriti cave and is an hour’s drive from malioboro street and also adi sucipto international airport.
a tv is offered.
cross-country skiing trails are found 200 metres from the property.
apartments at nahuen puerto madryn-sindicato luz y fuerza are equipped with comfortable living rooms and fully-equipped kitchen facilities, including an oven, microwave, stovetop, refrigerator, electric kettle and kitchenware. they are fitted with air conditioning, heating and complete bathrooms with free toiletries.
the comfortable rooms of the waldhotel villa waldeck hotel have been tastefully furnished and come well-equipped with cable tv.
offering a pool with hydromassage jets and a restaurant, the beachfront sentido cypria bay is 2 km from paphos town centre.
the apartment and room both have wrought iron beds.
each offers complimentary tea and coffee making facilities.
free wi-fi is available and you can park for free on the street.
guests can also relax on the summer terrace with barbecue facilities, and enjoy in the sounds of the nearby capra river.
loxandra inn provides bicycles for guests to explore the local area.
grocers and shops can be found within a walking distance.
hinterfager is 400 metres from heideggalm, while mittelfager is 400 metres away.
there is also a snack bar serving light meals during the day.
go-karting, paintballing, golf courses and angling are a few of the pursuits available just a few minutes away from the seaton.
located at columbus international airport, this hotel is 8 miles from downtown and includes access to bowling and miniature golf.
featuring free wi-fi and a german-style restaurant, this hotel is 5 minutes’ walk from the baltic sandy beach in yantarniy town.
the hotel offers free private parking on site and free wi-fi access.
guest rooms are decorated in traditional mexican décor with modern amenities.
universal orlando resort is 26 minutes' drive away from the holiday homes.
guests can enjoy regional meals made from fresh products in the restaurant.
there is also a coffee machine and a work desk.
the property is surrounded by a wide range of bars, traditional restaurants and shops.
located in denpasar, 300 metres from bali museum, grand mirah boutique hotel boasts an outdoor pool, barbecue and sun terrace.
the bus station stühlingen rathaus is next to the property.
offering spacious rooms with a flat-screen tv, it features a restaurant and 24-hour room service.
solanki medical spa is located 1 km from the centre of inowrocław and the inowrocław railway station.
there is free shuttle service at the property.
situated in the picturesque mountains of lech am arlberg, this 4-star hotel features a sauna, hot tub, and a free shuttle service.
the vesiroos offers bicycle rental and laundry services.
all apartments feature a balcony, a seating area and a tv.
direct parking access is featured.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv with cable channels. certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
guest bungalows are spacious with a veranda including seating.
each air-conditioned room boasts a microwave, a refrigerator and a coffee-machine.
the apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette, indoor and outdoor dining area and a double bedroom with balcony.
this modern air-conditioned apartment complex offers spacious accommodation with free wifi access.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out potsdamer platz (8.6 km) and friedrichstraße (8.7 km).tegel airport is located 14 km from the property.
some rooms have a spa bath, and all offers mountains view.
you can enjoy garden view.
at south ex serviced apartments, you will find other facilities like luggage storage, dry cleaning and a laundry are offered. housekeeping and ironing facilities are available.
the property offers free parking.
barbecue facilities are also available, while room service options are provided for guests’ convenience.
prestige hotel center has a 24-hour front desk and offers guided city tours in several languages.
located 1 mile off interstate 71, this mansfield, ohio motel features free wi-fi access and a daily continental breakfast.
it offers cottages with private patios and kitchen facilities.
the elkhorn golf club is a short walk away.
there is a hot tub and a spa on site, which can also be enjoyed at an extra cost.
the bistro is also on site and offers breakfast and dinner.
hotel malina features free wifi .
the hotel also provides a business centre, tour desk and car rentals.
all rooms have air conditioning, a telephone, and shared bathroom facilities.
the nearest airport is london city airport, 28 km from the property.
you can play tennis and table tennis at this hotel, and bike hire is available.
set in a renovated barn, la bourbonnière has a garden with terrace and a lounge with books and board games. located in saint-nicolas-des-biefs, it offers a self-catering apartment with garden view and free wi-fi access.
linens and towels are provided.
guests can enjoy a balcony and a fireplace.
guests can prepare homemade meals in the kitchen equipped with a stove, microwave and refrigerator.
uptown new orleans historic district is 2.1 km away.
parking on-site is free.
this property features modern apartments with free wifi, air conditioning, and heating.
located in phuket within a 7-minute walk from andaman sea’s shores, byg private pool villa @ rawai beach offers villas with a private outdoor swimming pool and a private garden. free wifi and private parking facilities are also available.
the apartments offer a kitchen with a dining area, a tv, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
there is a shared kitchen in the hotel.
the property has water sports facilities and free use of bicycles is available.
fenix beach boasts tennis courts and sun terraces.
each room comes with a tv with cable channels.
the property is located 5 blocks from plaza vea grocery store and 12 blocks from kennedy park.
located in front of matosinhos beach, porto sea apartments offers accommodation in matosinhos.
at rose apartment you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a snack bar.
a guest launderette and bbq facilities are located on site.
free on-site parking and en suite laundry facilities are offered for convenience.
they come equipped with a minibar and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
there is also a dishwasher.
coconut corridor, the famous tourist attraction along the beach, is a 10-minute drive away.
free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception are featured at open 2 guest house.
the restaurant of residence wiesenhof serves classic italian cuisine and local specialities of south tyrol.
free private parking is possible on site.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
some rooms have beds while others have traditional futon bedding.
dohany street synagogue is 1.7 km from keleti central apartment, while state opera house is 1.8 km away.
each has a private bathroom with a shower and some rooms have sea views.
all the non-smoking rooms feature a tv and a fridge.
the area is filled with restaurants, shops, summer terraces and cafes.
guests can enjoy private minibars and hot-drink facilities in each room.
it offers free wi-fi, soundproofed rooms with cable tv, and free private parking.
the on-site restaurant offers local specialities and other chinese dishes.
an open-plan lounge and dining area with table, sofa and a flat-screen satellite tv which leads out onto the patio.
located in the city centre, the marine hotel enjoys good public transport links.
the hotel’s restaurant serves homemade food, and there is also a café where you can get a snack or a drink.
the rooms in the ambra are painted in warm colours and have a tv with satellite channels, a fridge and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
fluently-conversed in english and filipino, friendly staff at rb lodge kalibo can assist guests with fax/photocopying, massage service and airport transfer arrangements.
the hotel is a 10-minute walk from yasukuni shrine and a 20-minute walk from the imperial palace.
camping des hautes grées is set 3 km from the centre of erquy and the beach.
many restaurants, bars and a grocery store can be found in a short walking distance. eilat promenade is about 1 km away, while imax 3d cinema is located 500 metres.
guests enjoy home-made meals with fresh ingredients in the restaurant with a tiled stove and bar.
every room includes a microwave and a small refrigerator.
air-conditioned rooms have large windows overlooking the woods, and they come with a living area with a sofa, and a dining area. all rooms are fitted with a tv, a fridge and complimentary tea, and some feature a skylight.
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven. a tv is provided. there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
tivat airport is located 55 km from the property and virpazar train station is 21 km away.
the apartment feature a terrace with mountain views, satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub.
penticton airport is 13 km away.
florence airport is 30 km away.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
it is 8.8 km to pärnu.
guests can wear the provided nightwear and watch on-demand movies on the flat-screen tv.
rooms are fitted with a flat-screen cable tv, refrigerator and electric kettle.
ventspils international airport is 4.6 km from rich 2 and the property offers an airport shuttle at an extra cost.
chiang mai airport is 84 km away.
for guests’ convenience, the guesthouse provides newspapers, airport transfers and area shuttles.
located just 80 metres from a private beach area of a sandy beach, hotel dolce vita features 2 on-site restaurants serving international and italian cuisine, an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre.
each bright chalet is set over 2 floors and has a spacious living area with a fireplace and tv. the kitchen has an electric hob and a fridge.
it features a hot tub, massage treatments, swimming pool, spa centre and steam bath.
ptuj castle and the old town are 500 metres away.
o cabazo's restaurant serves local cuisine.
featuring free wifi in all areas, guangzhou one plus one business hotel offers accommodation with attentive service. free parking is available.
the front desk is open throughout the day and its staff can arrange in-room meals for guests.
kuala lumpur international airport is 86 km away.
myrtle beach state park is 16 km from the suites monterey bay.
all stylishly designed rooms are decorated with vivid colours and feature a flat-screen tv and a desk with a chair.
all are heated and have a private bathroom with a shower. in addition, each one is equipped with an electric kettle.
petrčane offers paved beaches surrounded by pine tree forests.
there are special meals for sportsmen and women.
at night, savour delicious local cuisine at the finca salamanca’s restaurant, accompanied by a fine local wine.
the nearby joujärvi and savenkaita-järvi are excellent all-year fishing spots. popular activities in the area include swimming and berry and mushroom picking.
a salt water pool is also offered.
free wifi access is available.
most of the well-appointed rooms at qaser feature panoramic views of al baha.
there is also a reading corner with books, travel brochures and vouchers.
daily vietnamese cooking is also offered for guests.
a variety of refreshing drinks and light snacks is also served at the poolside snack bar throughout the day.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
set just 90 metres from barberini metro in the historic centre of rome, appartamento via veneto provides self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the spanish steps are a 5-minute walk away.
seafoods and grills are offered at casuarina beach restaurant and pub, while ruen thai has traditional local delights.
it features a beautiful landscaped garden and it is a 10-minute drive from the picturesque nafplio.
niesenblick is a self-catering apartment with a balcony, mountain views, fireplace and free wifi, located in reichenbach.
it features a restaurant and bar, an outdoor pool, and free wi-fi.
tithira guest house is 2 km from hikkaduwa railway station.
it offers rooms with a private balcony and free wifi.
after breakfast, visitors can go for a swim in the seasonal outdoor pool or explore the attractions of nearby seattle.
all rooms include a private bathroom with shower.
guests will also be 3 miles from southern polytechnic state university.
a tv is provided.
60 apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in tbilisi, within a 3-minute walk of medical university metro station.
after a free continental breakfast with a traditional mexican dish, go for a swim in the outdoor pool or relax on the wooden sun deck. spend the day at the beach, and take advantage of the towels and chairs from the hotel's beach club.
brest train station is 1.5 km away, and brest airport is 18 km from paulmarie apartments on kosmonavtov
outdoor barbecue facilities are also available.
a 24-hour butler service is provided for guests' convenience.
outdoor barbecue facilities are also available.
providing views of the city, all rooms come with shared bathroom facilities.
free wifi access is available.
if you want to experience original romanian atmosphere, then the lary hostel in suceava is the place to be, offering wonderful views towards the hills and a river.
locals calls are available at no additional cost.
drinks can be enjoyed while relaxing at the terrace.
it offers free parking, a hot tub and an outdoor pool.
each unit has a private bathroom with a shower.
a range of shops, restaurants, and bars are available within a 2-minute walk of the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
active guests can also rent boats and bikes from the hotel.
guests can have breakfast in their rooms and also enjoy drinks sitting at the bar.
all units feature a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette with a dining area, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a washing machine.
free parking is provided.
central valencia is a 40-minute drive away.
częstochowa raków train station is 2.4 km from the property.
the bathroom has a shower and a toilet.
saint-malo is 26 km away and dinard is only a 25-minute drive from the accommodation.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
free public parking can be found at the nearby streets.
free private parking is available on site.
from the marina you can reach lerici castle in 20 minutes by car, while levanto is 40 km away.
the nearest airport is tivat airport, 15 km from apartment adelisa 1.
the apartments are 1 km from kralendijk town centre, which features shopping and dining.
hostal vall d’àssua has a beautiful, natural location within the àssua valley, in the lleida province of catalunya.
the nearest airport is eloy alfaro international airport, 70 km from the property.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi and is 3.5 km from falesia beach and vilamoura marina.
hobart and william smith colleges are just 3 minutes’ drive away.
among these amenities, suites plaza del rio features room service, towel hire, car rental, baby sitting and a tour desk.
each air-conditioned room includes a work desk, a small refrigerator and a microwave at budget motel 7 alamogordo.
the hotel houses a 30-metre outdoor pool, a hot tub and a fitness centre.
every unit has a private bathroom with a bidet.
it provides free private parking.
free private, on-site parking is available.
the spacious villas of crystal water estates feature bright interiors.
hotel santa clara is located in oviedo’s historic city centre, in the heart of the shopping district and close to campoamor theatre and uria street.
the bright, modern apartour apartments are air-conditioned and feature an led tv in the living room.
all apartments are feature a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a private bathroom with shower.
this luxurious resort offers an on-site marina. the resort also features a full-service spa and rooms provide ocean views and free wifi.
modern rooms are simply decorated and include air conditioning, tv and a mini refrigerator.
it offers free private parking and wi-fi.
located in the val claret area of tignes, apartment le hameau du borsat 3 tignes offers a self-catering studio with typical mountain décor.
all rooms at the nad potokiem are simply furnished.
cable tv and a dvd player are also included.
offering a rural setting within tajo internacional park, apartamento rural tajo internacional features apartments with balconies.
sea view villa stands amongst cypress trees, olive oil and fruit trees, just a 4-minute walk from a quiet beach. it features self-catered apartments with a veranda overlooking the ionian sea and the lush countryside of corfu.
the complex offers a beach restaurant and a diving centre, located just a minute walk from the villa.
located amidst the vineyards of the wachau, austria's most famous wine-growing region, hotel garni winzerin offers a very quiet location about 180 metres away from the historic village centre of spitz an der donau.
rouen is also a 40-minute drive away.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
each bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property offers free parking on the plot.
alameda centro historico is close to all main tourist attractions. juarez, hidalgo and bellas artes metro stations are 5 minutes’ walk from the complex.
chiang mai international airport is 6 km from the property.
other property facilities include a 24-hour front desk, an airport shuttle, ironing services, and laundry services.
penzion sonáta is located in luhacovice, czech republic. tv is available in this guest house.
parking is free at hotel relais palazzo di luglio.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and seating area.
dry cleaning and laundry services are available at additional charges.
free wifi is accessible in public areas.
frisian food and fresh fish dishes are served in the hotel restaurant.
the rooms at hotel maria candelaria come with a cable tv and a private bathroom with hot water and free toiletries, including soap, shampoo and body creme.
the hotel offers authentic units with free wi-fi.
the fitness centre includes a sauna, a gym and an indoor-outdoor hot tub overlooking the city.
building is secured and covered by cctv.
the property offers an open and covered terrace and can accommodate up to 4 persons.
all units have a seating area and work desk.
the motel offers discounts at timeless destination restaurant & lounge, which is 2 minutes’ drive and serves italian cuisine.
this classic hotel offers a central location in downtown curitiba, only 3 blocks from estação shopping mall.
each room here will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
shenzhen dajiangnan hotel is located in dongmen commercial centre, just beside dongmen pedestrian street.
notre dame cathedral is 1.4 km from 2 rooms marais / république, while opéra bastille is 1.5 km from the property.
it is close to several sites including the church of the holy family (10-minute drive), the amber museum (6 minutes by public transport) and sackheim gate (5-minute walk).
the hotel sells vip cards and tickets for all major venues in town, which provide discounts to guests.
the spacious units at mövenpick resort phuket feature modern thai décor and beautiful views of the sea or garden.
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and refrigerator.
every room is equipped with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
guests can prepare their own meals or enjoy renowned turkish specialities at the restaurant of the hotel.
roc blanc is 3 km away and puigcerda is within a 20-minute drive of the property.
the property offers free parking.
it is just 5 km from mccarran international airport.
the restaurant is open for both lunch and dinner, and the beach café serves al fresco light meals.
centrally located, after hostel offers free luggage storage, free wi-fi and air conditioning.
guests can relax with leisure activities at the garden areas. other facilities include a fitness centre and a sauna.
right on the water's edge is the protea hotel by marriott pretoria centurion restaurant, with its contemporary african atmosphere.
el paso is 2 km from the bungalows and los llanos de aridane is 5 km away.
guests benefit from free wifi, and a hairdryer is provided.
the cimone enjoys a panoramic position in san martino di castrozza, 150 meters from the colverde chair lift, and 1.5 km from the tognola cable way.
this hotel is a 5-minute walk from the beach.
whipple dam state park is 20 miles away.
the hotel garni marias inn offers recently renovated, en-suite rooms which are decorated in tasteful, light colours.
guests have free access to a jetty where they can enjoy fishing.
the brauhaus zum löwen provides a big breakfast buffet every day.
travel the short distance to the coast and spend the day on one of the fantastic beaches of the costa de la luz.
cable tv along with a flat-screen tv is provided.
children can play in the playground or feed the ducks in the lake next to it.
it is a 5-minute walk from the archeological museum.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
all bedrooms have their own private en suite bathrooms, and all enjoy a view of the beautiful gardens.
guest house "russkiy dvorik" also includes a sauna.
savour western cuisine served in shan jing restaurant while take in stunning views of great wall through the floor-to-ceiling windows.
the bar offers beverages, snacks and evening meals, and regularly hosts live entertainment.
at les cocotiers beach resort you will find a garden, a fitness centre, meeting facilities and a tour desk.
fitted with a fan and a wardrobe, air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, a minibar and a seating area.
the hotel also offers laundry and ironing services.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and balcony.
featuring a restaurant and free on-site parking, family-run il pozzetto offers air-conditioned rooms 8 km from the centre of città della pieve. lake trasimeno is a 15-minute drive away.
guests can relax on the terrace, complete with bbq facilities.
free use of bicycles and ski equipment hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
cala ferris beach is 1.3 km from bennecke michel and alicante airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property.
some come with a terrace.
breakfast is included in the room rate and jualis guest house features free wifi access.
a continental breakfast with cinnamon buns and pancakes is offered every morning.
simply furnished, rooms come with air conditioning, tiled flooring and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the centre of paraíso is just a 5-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 42 km from ricos beach huts.
situated just around the corner from schwedenplatz square, the vienna airport bus line stops just 50 metres from the city center experience apartment.
free tea, coffee and soft drinks are offered.
residence al lago is just 100 metres from lake trasimeno and 250 metres from castiglione del lago's historic centre. the residence features a large garden with swimming pool.
featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
all rooms at hotell bømlo have a seating area and a flat-screen satellite tv.
changsha railway station is 8 km away, whilst changsha huanghua airport is 25.75 km away.
en suite bathrooms include both a bathtub and shower facilities.
far out offers canvas tents and concrete bungalows that open to a patio.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
the property also has a garden, terrace, barbecue facilities, a ski storage room and ski boot drying facilities.
there is also a sauna available on site, which can be used free of charge 2 times per week.
the private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
the beautiful buccoo reef is 2 km from the property, while arthur napoleon raymond robinson airport can be reached in a 5-minute drive.
a 24-hour reception and vending machines are provided to the guests of the hendersonville days inn.
golf de rennes is located 6 km away from the property and domaine de cice blossac golf course is just 2 km away.
the restaurant serves swabian cuisine made from local, organic ingredients.
bright rooms at posthaus hotel residenz are classically decorated, featuring a fully equipped kitchenette, cable tv and a sofa.
the bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
all air conditioned, they also feature free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv, minibar and tea/coffee maker.
posada is 40 km from casa vacanze villa rosetta, while nuoro is 21 km from the property.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
a fitness room overlooks the indoor pool at mont-laurier best western plus.
this holiday home offers a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi access. the bathrooms are complete with shower, toilet and hairdryer.
the property offers parking at an extra cost.
free internet access is available on the lobby computers.
2moroz service apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in kozhikode.
the guest house also provides luggage storage facilities.
located 900 metres from park of officers, beautiful apartment 15 min walk from fountain square offers pet-friendly accommodation in baku. the apartment is 1.2 km from taza pir mosque.
the nearest airport is ankara esenboga airport, 26 km from seven deep hotel.
kk inn hotel is located in kuala lumpur's ampang area, a 5-minute walk from star lrt station.
villa reisya provides free private parking available on site, and ngurah rai international is 8 km away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a sauna, spacious conservatory and buffet breakfasts are offered by this traditional guest house.
entertainment staff and horse riding tours of the vico lake natural reserve are available in the summer.
the apartments offer a washing machine, ironing facilities, seating area and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
after working up an appetite, the pool restaurant is open almost all day where you can enjoy a wide variety of international, local specialties, and snacks.
rich and varied breakfast buffet is served every morning at gasthof zahler.
each apartment offers air conditioning, parquet or tiled floors, and a kitchen or kitchenette.
a grocery shop, a restaurant and a cafe bar can all be found within 150 metres distance.
situated in ban chak phai, this detached holiday home features a garden with an outdoor pool and a year-round outdoor pool.
family guest house is located in vishnevka, 500 metres from the black sea.
this hotel is located off i-49, offering access to northwest arkansas regional airport, 26.5 miles away.
it is 50 metres from bars and restaurants and 100 metres from a sandy beach.
select rooms offer mountain or river views.
restaurants and a supermarket is located within 2 km radius and shelley centre can be reached within 7 minutes by car.
the residence has a garden with barbecue facilities and private parking is available free of charge.
the on-site restaurant at san juan park serves international-style dishes.
they also come with a wardrobe and a flat-screen tv.
some rooms feature a seating area with a sofa and a balcony. some of the rooms are air conditioned.
allee shopping centre is 1.5 km away, while gellért hill and thermal bath are 2.4 km from the hostel buda dream.the city centre can be reached in a 20-minute ride using public transportation.
the private bathroom has a shower and a bidet.
traditional cooked breakfast is served every morning.
featured in the beatle’s music video ‘free as a bird’, this hostel is less than 10 minutes’ walk from the grade ii listed philharmonic hall.
offering a large beer garden, a wine cellar, and bowling lanes, hotel südlohner hof - ristorante da fabio is peacefully located in südlohn. free wifi access is available at this family-run 3-star hotel.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a public gym is only 100 metres away.
the hotel is a good base for exploring the surrounding siegerland countryside.
airport shuttle service is also offered at a surcharge.
with its terraces arranged step-like, leading down to the small beach, the hotel offers an exquisite setting for your entirely carefree, all-inclusive holiday.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 53 km from guesthouse khutorok.
ravenna is 29 km away.
the hotel is less than a 20-minute walk from queen victoria museum and art gallery and a 10-minute drive from cataract gorge reserve.
the property houses an indoor pool, a gym, and accommodation with a kitchen and free wifi access.
offering an outdoor pool and large terrace with panoramic views, villa marco is located in calenzana, in a park featuring olive and pine trees.
at pilot whale chalets you will find a garden.
kresten royal villas & spa provides 5 swimming pools including an indoor and salted pool.
the hotel is just an 11-minute drive to national museum of natural science, sogo mall and park lane shopping district.
it has a terrace with panoramic views of the mediterranean sea and air-conditioned rooms.
hope homes can assist guests with luggage storage, laundry and car rental services.
a microwave and refrigerator are provided in each uniquely themed room at riverside inn. for added convenience, a telephone and private bathroom are also included.
the nearest airport is paphos international airport, 7 km from the property.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, a seating area and satellite channels. there is also a dining table.
housed in a 16th-century château, this b&b is 1.8 km from the centre of tourville-sur-arques.
some have a balcony and views across the bay.
the owners can provide advice on things to do in the region.
in-room dining is also possible with room service.
the premier inn harlow is within walking distance of harlow mill rail station, where there are trains to central london, which is 35 minutes' journey and cambridge, which is 50 minutes' journey.
free wi-fi is provided in the hotel’s public areas.
there is a children’s playground and a skatepark on site.
the imperiale's rooms feature a shower or hydromassage bath, plus a minibar, flat-screen tv and internet access.
set at the heart of the canarian island of fuerteventura, this charming rural hotel is the perfect place for a sunshine getaway, surrounded by the extensive sandy landscapes.
the kitchen comes with a washing machine, stove and microwave.
schwartzer löwe’s rustic-style steak house and restaurant serves hearty steaks, fresh fish and salads daily.
the rooms are decorated by different artists and are themed.
currency exchange and car rental can be arranged.
guests at the orlando airport hampton inn will enjoy starting the morning with a free hot breakfast or taking advantage of in-room microwaves and refrigerators.
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, oven and microwave.
hotel south beach has an in house dj who plays local and international music hits on the weekends and on public holidays from the afternoon until late along with entertainment such as acrobats, dancers and children's entertainment.
each room at jennys huamatl comes with a private bathroom, a flat-screen tv with cable channels and parquet flooring.
laura holiday house is 1 km from piazza della signoria and palazzo vecchio.
evi house lies 4 km from portokali beach and around 15 km from kalamitsi beach.
the fair in rho-pero is a 15-minute drive away.
with a simple décor yet comfortable, accommodations at apartment al sur include complete bathrooms and tvs.
a children's cot and high chair are provided.
guest rooms at the riad vert are stylishly decorated with traditional moroccan furnishings.
free toiletries are offered.
you can find a wide range of bars and restaurants within a 5-minute walk of deco - eixample apartments.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided in every room.
several restaurants are within a 3-minute walk from weingut rebhof sommer.
internet pcs can be used at the lobby for a fee, and the 24-hour front desk rents laptops and can hold luggage for guests.
set 3.2 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city, this apartment features free wifi and a balcony. the apartment is 3.4 km from rustaveli theatre.
some boast views of lake garda.
at the royal pinnacle hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
jaz beach is 3.6 km from homestay aleksandra, while sveti stefan is 6 km from the property.
cleggan is a 20-minute drive away and from here you can catch a ferry to inisboffin island.
the property has a 24-hour front desk.
with free parking, villa al mare is 4 km from the centre of avola.
a complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning.
rollins college is 5 miles from the hotel.
the restaurant proposes à la carte tuscan recipes.
a continental breakfast is served on the terrace or in the lounge every morning at hôtel le dauphinois.
many of the elegant, sandstone and timber, palm-thatched villas have their own plunge pool and some have a jacuzzi pool too.
it offers cosy accommodation with wooden furnishings and homemade local food. free wi-fi is accessible in all rooms.
you will find a kettle in the room.
the mintaro maze is only a 12-minute drive away and clare golf course is 8 minutes’ drive away.
located 5 km from siena, villa agostoli has a garden with pool. it offers free wi-fi and country-style accommodation with garden views.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the colon offers simple, bright décor throughout.
there is a separate toilet.
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
planet apartments is set in prato nevoso. cuneo can be reached in 55 minutes' drive.
just 2 minutes’ walk from jurien bay beach, jurien bay tourist park features 2 bbq areas and a children’s playground.
set in baška voda in the split-dalmatia county region, 200 metres from baška voda promenade, house elka features a barbecue and views of the sea.
over 20,000 blooming flora are on the property at caitlin gardens.
private bathroom comes with free toiletries, a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the buffet breakfast, served at the pousada lagoa hotel, features traditional dishes from minas gerais’ cuisine.
the louisiana art and science museum is a 10-minute drive away.
bukowina tatrzańska is 20 km from apartamenty na polanie.
these rooms come with 2 sets of bunk beds plus a private bathroom with shower.
girona metro station is 200 metres away while the stylish paseo de gracia is just 5 minutes’ walk from the hotel, with many shops, bars and restaurants.
the villa is split in 3 levels and has a fully equipped kitchen, 2 dining areas, 5 bedrooms, and 3 bathrooms.
alternatively guest can visit the restaurants by the beach serving fish and seafood specialties.
additionally guests can use a common lounge (private unit set within a big apartment unit).
they also come with a private bathroom with a shower.
coin-operated laundry facilities are available for guest convenience.
a restaurant is 50 metres away, while a grocery shop and a cafe bar can be found 250 metres from the property.
hotel agorreta is a 3-star hotel located in a peaceful area of pamplona, 6 km from the university campus and 3 km from the airport.
apartament gościnny dom is a self-catering accommodation located in warsaw’s wilanów district, 1,2 km from wilanów palace.
take advantage of the ample luggage storage space, and 24-hour service at the reception desk.
guangzhou baiyun international airport is a 52-minute drive away.
the kreischbergbahn cable car is 150 metres away, and a ski storage room is provided on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
buiksloterweg offers a free ferry service to amsterdam central station.
golden chicken hostel provides affordable accommodation only 800 metres from the vibrant dong ba market.
the rooms at the zum kerkermeister are kept in a traditional but modern design.
a shuttle is available to/from levanto train station 700 metres away.
it offers spacious accommodation with a garden and terrace.
guests can choose to stay in dormitory rooms or private rooms.
12 gods resort features free wifi throughout the property.
rooms here will provide you with a seating area. private bathrooms also come with a shower.
in the evening, guests may also enjoy a drink in the hotel’s bar.
offering a restaurant with daily buffet breakfast, lombok ethnic hotel is located in bandung.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
the b&b is located on the third floor of a block of apartments.
guesthouse rike per has green fee arrangements which each course, so teeing off has never been easier!
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
just a 3-minute walk from the kusatsu-onsen bus terminal and a 5-minute walk from yubatake hot spring, yoneyamakan offers its own indoor hot-spring bath as well as in-room japanese meals and yukata robes.
all units also feature a private balcony and a full kitchen for added comforts.
breakfast is served each morning in bestebakken’s dining room.
you can have fun with activities like canoeing and horse riding at leisure.
the paro international airport is 65 km.
some bathrooms are equipped with hydro massage.
the shores of aarhus bugt are 1 km away.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 14 km from the property.
donetsk central train station is 3.5 km from best apartments.
the property is 7 km from buddhist golden temple and 14 km from dubare elephant camp.
set in a superb classic moroccan building, the spa has a hammam and a professional staff that offer a range of exotic treatments.
hikkaduwa town is 25 minutes away by car while colombo city is a 1.5-hour drive away.
room service is available from a local restaurant located opposite the hotel, which international restaurants can be found in the surrounding streets.
the restaurant can cook guests’ freshly caught fish to their liking.
it also has a private bathroom.
paleokastritsa is 33 km away, while the scenic corfu town is 12 km away.
a common terrace is provided. a shared living area with a fireplace, a tv and a computer is available as well.
other facilities include a laundry room and luggage storage.
all rooms at hotel avenida palace are equipped with free wired internet and contain a tv, a fan and a private bathroom.
a bus with links to benevento stops 200 metres from the b&b domus grampone.
breakfast is served every morning at la gelinotte.
it is a 25-minute drive from alba, while the provincial capital of cuneo is 40 km away.
tournus train station is a 5-minute walk away.
the rooms come with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the on-site restaurant provides traditional french cuisine and outdoor dining in the warmer months.
airport pick-up can be arranged at a surcharge.
a sweet breakfast is served daily in the room.
they all include a private bathroom with free toiletries, a hairdryer and a shower.
the apartments have a sofa.
uncle bear's home provides laundry services, as well as fax and photocopying.
breakfast and dinner are served every day in the dining room.
other facilities include a gym with modern cardiovascular equipment, a steam bath, and a sauna.
you can play tennis, billiards and darts at this resort, and the area is popular for diving.
each one provides a seating area with a flat-screen tv and a wardrobe. the bathroom includes a bathrobe and a hairdryer.
each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
apartments danica is a self-catering accommodation located in karlobag.
offering an outdoor pool, a garden and a traditional restaurant, azienda agricola san lorenzo is set in the lazio countryside, 2 km from the centre of fiuggi. wifi is free throughout.
the staroměstská metro station is 500 metres away.
the maritime museum san francisco is within a 15-minute walk of the hotel.
the bathrooms are either private or shared.
the nearest airport is falcone-borsellino airport,100 km from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and billiards.
the beaches of pozzallo are a 15-minute drive from this holiday home.
vorokhta is 19 km away.
each room has a tv.
miami beach convention center is 6.3 km away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
the tour desk organises many activities, such as rafting, paragliding, caving and hiking in chicamocha national park.
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax. some units have views of the sea or pool.
located in ryazan, 1000 i odna noch inn offers a spa and wellness centre, sauna, hot tub and indoor pool.
tea and drinks are available at the lobby bar.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a fridge, microwave and stove.
the rooms are decorated with warm colours and have a private bathroom.
the property is located in the andalusian countryside, 5 km from archidona.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, daily housekeeping and a shared lounge. the property offers free parking.
overlooking the indian ocean and bazaruto archipelago islands, casa rex boutique hotel is situated in vilanculos.
the village square with shops and taverns is 20 metres away.
the hotel is a 15-minute drive from changsha train station.
all rooms at the niemcza spa are classically furnished and decorated with warm tones and carpeted floors.
free private parking is available on site.
travelling around is hyderabad is made easy with the tour and car hire services available.
enjoy the loch-view restaurant and bar and the residents lounge. the inn is ideally located for mull, iona, skye, ben nevis, fort william, ardnamurchan, glencoe, oban, loch ness and for touring the west highlands.
private parking is available on site.
a work desk, bed linen and ironing facilities are included.
it is 15 minutes’ drive from gulfarium marine adventure park.
step out, you would find a range of dining places nearby.
laundry and ironing facilities are possible at a surcharge.
free wi-fi access is available.
the bar serves drinks well into the evening.
offering free wifi, rooms at kaanapali ocean inn feature tropical inspired décor and include air conditioning, a tv, a refrigerator, and a coffee machine.
kakopetria is 36 km from seafront house, while platres is 41 km away.
port denarau is 10 minutes’ drive away.
lutfi kirdar congress centre is a 10-minute walk from the property.
a shopping centre is 500 metres away, while a tourist agency is 300 metres away. petrovaradin fortress is 4 km away.
wifi is available throughout the belcaro motel.
guests are served an irish breakfast daily.
the garden includes deck chairs and a children’s playground.
there are a number of shops, restaurants and a woolworths supermarket within a 15-minute walk.
simply furnished, bungalows come with a thatched roof, patio and wooden furnishings.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
the rooms are elegant, featuring classic dark wood interiors.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator in each apartment.
paralia katerinis is 3.3 km from aparments artemis, while veria is 81,6 km away.
hotel splendido, in prcanj on the bay of kotor, benefits from an outdoor swimming pool with a large terrace featuring sun loungers.
diagonal mar park and barcelona’s marinas can be reached in 20 minutes by foot.
the property is 23.6 km from new marina and 26.7 km from giftun island.
they include tea/coffee making facilities and some rooms have city views.
each unit is fitted with a flat-screen cable tv, working desk and an electric kettle.
in summer, free entry to the kössen, walchsee and reit im winkl adventure pools is offered.
plaza catalunya and the famous las rambras are both 2 stops away by metro.
located in the heart of shepparton, country home motor inn offers air-conditioned accommodation with a 32-inch flat-screen and over 55 free satellite channels.
casa olímpia thermas is located in olímpia.
fitted with modern furnishings and soft colours, the spacious villa includes 4 separate bedrooms, a living and a dining area, an office, a playroom, two modern kitchens and 5 bathrooms.
the hotel palladia’s restaurant serves refined cuisine and guests can enjoy a selection of cocktails in the lounge.
apart hotel aires del norte is 200 metres from the bus station.
there is also a toy corner for children.
some bathrooms feature a transparent glass wall that can be switched on and off.
surrounded by gently rolling hills, the haus seeblick’s apartments are between 32 and 47 m2 in size and feature comfortable furniture.
the kitchen comes with a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, a seating area and satellite channels as well as an outdoor seating area.
extras include a barbecue and garden furniture.
each room provides a flat-screen cable tv and an en suite bathroom at guesthouse anchorage inn.
bicycle rental and shuttle services are also available. the property offers free parking.
the private bathroom offers a curved shower rod, hair dryer and ironing facilities.
towels are available.
the property proposes self-catering apartments with free wi-fi and access to the south-facing garden.
the guest rooms at hôtel restaurant le castel include a work desk and a tv with satellite channels.
a 10-minute walk away is an art market.
the resort has 2 bookable saunas by the beach.
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
the kranichbar offers a fireplace and cosy atmosphere.
at studio copacabana c025 you will find a 24-hour reception. other facilities like luggage storage and a washing machine are offered.
yanica guest house offers an opportunity to organise airport shuttle service upon request.
the four-bedroom cottage provides a satellite tv, free wifi and a dvd/cd player.
the verizon ampitheatre is 25 miles away.
front desk assistance is available around the clock.
sri sankata mochan hanuman temple is 500 metres from fabhotel shivala-assi ghat, while assi ghat is 600 metres from the property.
massa carrara is 20 minutes’ drive away.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for snorkeling. the area is popular for diving and cycling.
lic. gustavo diaz ordaz airport is located 29 km away.
offering a flat-screen tv and tiled floors, the rooms at les hiboux are furnished with wooden furniture and come with a private bathroom.
also includes a barbecue.
galeão international airport is located 19 km away.
each room at this luxury bed and breakfast features an en suite bathroom with a double spa bath or double shower.
set on 15 wooded acres in historic and charming brandon, vermont, cozy cottages welcomes guests with clean, cozy clapboard style vermont cottages.
it offers a marche restaurant and traditionally furnished rooms with an lcd tv.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
offering a daily breakfast buffet, hotel stratus centro is located in volta redonda, just 2 km from the city`s bus station.
there is a common kitchen at guests' disposal.
there are a variety of rooms available, such as single, doubles, twin and triple, as well as family, rooms. there is a tourist information desk, which is open 24 hours, as are the cafeteria and bar.
wooden dining area and barbecue are also available.
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
hôtel l'eolienne, located in perpignan, is a residence offering self-catering studios.
arcs suite @ shell residences also features a restaurant, with packed lunches available on request.
other facilities like dry cleaning, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
the rooms are simply furnished with a cable tv and air conditioning.
featuring free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool, hotel hofbrunn offers pet-friendly accommodation in rifiano.
located in mallorca’s tramuntana mountains, can marquesi features a spacious terrace with great valley views.
shared bathroom also comes with a shower.
each apartment has a kitchenette, a seating area and a cable tv.
one level down, the restaurant overlooks the valley and the pool, surrounded by the green gardens.
within a short walking distance, you will find several restaurants and cafeterias.
each apartment at the mediterraneo residence comes with a flat-screen tv and free internet access.
there is equipped fully equipped kitchenette with fridge and the bathroom comes with a shower.
offering an ideal setting for bird watching, centro ornitológico el primillar features its own bird nesting house.
the crawford county fairgrounds are 10 minutes’ drive away.
provence airport, marseille is located 86 km from the property.
guests can relax in the garden and use bbq facilities.
bed linen and towels are provided.
the apartment comprises a fully equipped kitchen with an outdoor dining area and barbecue facilities, as well as a private bathroom with a washing machine.
all rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
in summer the kaprunerhof is an ideal starting point for hikes and bicycle and mountain bike tours.
the air-conditioned unit is 500 metres from boavista roundabout.
feel home apartment k. čapka offers accommodation in karlovy vary and 22 km from kurort oberwiesenthal.
meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guestrooms.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with grocery delivery available on request. the property also offers mini-market.
some have a seating area, an en-suite bathroom and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it has an open plan kitchen including a stove, microwave and refrigerator.
apartment on prospekt oktyabrya 27 is located in ufa, 500 metres from the bus station.
all necessary dishes are provided as well.
tiscornia park and the curious kids' museum are 14 miles away.
old town features restaurants, bars, museums and galleries.
the property offers free airport shuttle.
the kitchen is fully equipped and has a dishwasher, a vacuum cleaner and a washing machine.
set in a large tropical park, hotel praia da paixão offers accommodation with air conditioning or ceiling fan, tv and minibar.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
room service is available only for limited hours.
each has an ipod dock.
willa ornak is 1.7 km from the zakopane train station and free on-site parking is also provided.
the israel bible museum can be visited 2.2 km from safed apartment yehudit's and the mount canaan can be seen 2.8 km away.
guests can take a boat from sagone to visit the scandola nature reserve and the calanques at piana are a 45-minute drive away. the village of soccia is 50 minutes away and from here guests can hike to lake creno.
the hotel stays open all night so you can leave and return as you like.
the hotel is within 2 km of panjim bus stand, dona paula and panjim church.
each restaurant offers special menus and live music.
there is a fully equipped kitchen. the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet. other facilities include electric heating.
at sumak kawsay you will find a poolside sun terrace with a bar, a café-restaurant and a communal lounge with cable tv.
the restaurant serves typical sardinian specialties and italian classics.
sitting on praia do pepê beach, this self-catering apartment features air conditioning, a fully-equipped kitchen and a balcony with mountain and sea views.
hotel eden provides basic air-conditioned rooms with shared bathroom facilities.
guests are provided daily breakfast.
park arawa is less than 5 minutes’ drive from the apartments.
spacious suites feature a living and dining area and cable tv.
you can ask for tips on the highlights of the city at the tour desk, and the property can also assist you in hiring a car.
the stadtsee lake is less than a 10-minute walk away.
the property is a 10-minute walk to benjasiri park and emporium shopping mall.
featuring a furnished garden and a restaurant, hotel remilia is 3 km from the historic centre of reggio emilia. the reggio mediopadana train station is a 15-minute walk away.
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain, guest house kiparisoviy is situated in adler, 900 metres from sochi discovery world aquarium.
nearby attractions include lower düden falls in lara district and the ancient hadrian’s gate in the city centre.
mccarran international airport is 10 minutes’ drive from the days inn las vegas. hoover dam is less than an hours’ drive away.
the guests can enjoy a view of the dunes from the rooms.
located in the heart of the milwaukee city centre, this hotel offers spacious rooms with free wi-fi and large flat-screen tvs.
simferopol airport is 38 km away.
this motel features an outdoor pool and spacious accommodation with a kitchenette and dvd player. pirates bay water park is just 5 minutes’ drive from scottish inn & suites baytown.
eight hotel portofino offers an outdoor hot tub in a tranquil setting between the mountains and portofino harbour. it is located 200 metres from portofino centre and the popular piazzetta square.
there is a seating area looking onto the garden.
there is also an electric kettle.
rooms have a classic design and come with a private bathroom complete with hairdryer.
other facilities at soltróia rio apartment include an outdoor pool.
free wifi access is available.
a rich breakfast buffet awaits you each morning, giving you all the energy you need for a fun-filled day in this beautiful holiday and health resort.
united nations headquarters is 3.7 km from ministay, while museum of modern art is 4.2 km from the property.
san bernardino international airport is 15 minutes away by car.
cfgc grand hotel offers comfortable accommodation in beijing. guests may get the free entry to exterior base of china film group corporation.
picturesque baltic sea beaches are just a 7-minute walk away from this charming hotel in kühlungsborn.
this holiday home is a 5-minute walk from queenscliff's main street and marina which offers a range of shopping and dining options. it is a 50-minute drive from avalon airport and a 1-hour and 30-minute drive from melbourne cbd.
just a couple of steps from lake como shores, this accommodation at silver lake residence offers a lake-view balcony or terrace and free wifi. the property is located in argegno.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen tv and electric kettle.
they are equipped with tv, while some also have a fireplace and air conditioning.
please note that this property has a minimum stay policy of 3 nights during the season from 25th of july till 25th of august!
rooms are individually decorated with unique furnishings, and include a private bathroom with free toiletries.
this holiday home is 15 km from kurumoch international airport.
newspapers are provided at the front desk.
the house offers tours of local attractions, walking and hiking routes and a free shuttle into killarney centre.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
a free continental breakfast is served at the hotel and room service is available.
a mini market is available on site.
sofia is set 20 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and canoeing.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
trastevere lovely house is a self-catering accommodation located in rome.
big creek golf and country club is an 11-minute drive from the hampton inn.
the property offers free parking.
every private bathroom comes with a shower.
the unit includes a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and an oven.
the pool bar operates from 9:00 to 22:30 hours.
the rooms at the gasthof metzgerei stöberl can all be accessed by lift and include a flat-screen tv.
accommodation options include self-contained apartments or private lockable rooms within a shared apartment.
you can enjoy city view.
siblyback lake, with its range of watersport activities, is 4 miles from wheal tor, and plymouth and looe are both 15 miles away.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, picabreiz offers pet-friendly accommodation in cast, 10 km from the beach and 20 km from quimper. free private parking is available on site.
its provencal-style apartments include free wi-fi.
the simple 4-bedroom apartments include a fridge, tea/coffee facilities and a bathroom with shower.
each shares a bathroom equipped with free toiletries.
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 km and the nearest city, thisted, is in 20 km.
guests of the kapa gorry are invited to enjoy a daily continental breakfast, which can be served in the breakfast room or on the outdoor terrace in summer.
complete with kitchenware, the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table.
the restaurant also serves chinese food and provides a 24-hour room service.
aix-en-provence is 48 km from chez laurent, while avignon is 24 km away.
palawan museum is 1.4 km away while the beautiful honda bay is 5.6 km away.
at la posada inn guests will find 2 restaurants, one featuring sea-food and the other local dishes.
holiday home nørtvedvej strandby iv is located in strandby and can accommodate up to twelve persons.
this restored farmhouse, located 7 km from valverde del fresno, offers great countryside views and free wi-fi.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
some units feature a private bathroom with a spa bath, while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer.
housing 2 dining options, guests can enjoy authentic chinese dishes served at fantasy restaurant and tasty japanese dishes offered at feeling restaurant.
free wi-fi and free parking are available.
other popular activities include cycling and horse riding.
guests can enjoy a daily buffet breakfast with chinese, japanese and western dishes in llamo’s bright dining room.
there is also a beer garden and a disco room.
featuring free wifi, kvartira studiia is located in novo-borisov, 45 km from silichi.
the living room is completed with sofa and a flat-screen cable tv.
free continental breakfast is provided with all guest house rooms; this consists of juice, yoghurt, fruit salad and cereal.
free wifi access is available.
guests can enjoy beautiful panoramic views of the city and the islands while riding dubrovnik cable car.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
pidurangala rock is 2.5 km from bandula home stay, while sigiriya museum is 2 km away.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as windsurfing and diving.
watersports are available at nearby nikki beach and saint jean bay, both within 4 km of villa c’est la vue.
terme berzieri thermal baths are a 4-minute walk away. set 150 metres from viale romagnosi shopping area, the hotel is a 10-minute walk to salsomaggiore terme train station.
free private parking is available at the apartment.
zwin nature reserve and the belgian border are less than a 15-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is jose maria cordova international, 1 hour away by car.
this luxurious property offers a fitness centre, an indoor pool and free wifi access in the lobby.
free beach cruiser bicycles hire is offered near reception at hotel bird rock.
they are surrounded by palm trees and fields.
the unit is 900 metres from jet d'eau.
select units offer mountain views.
all rooms have clean bedding and air conditioning.
parking in a private garage is provided at lake havasu city jamaican palms.
toiletries and a hairdryer can be found in the bathroom.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
the bathroom comes with free toiletries.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
you can enjoy mountain view from the room.
this motel 6 new orleans is located 5 miles from the french quarter.
the property is 2 km from ton sai bay.
free car and truck parking is provided at days inn macon interstate 475 as well.
close to the cavado river and near the serra do geres, this hotel offers guests an intriguing location ideal for business and leisure trips.
each room at this bed and breakfast features a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
it offers an indoor swimming pool, a spa centre, recreational activities, convenient guest services and 3 on-site restaurants.
many restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes’ walk and you can buy fresh produce at the central market, 3 minutes’ walk away.
the hotel also houses the le cafe du pont restaurant and has a terrace.
guests can enjoy mediterranean-inspired cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner at noma social restaurant.
for convenience, the kitchen includes a dishwasher.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
it offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
al manaf’s restaurant serves a variety of international cuisines.
aime-la-plagne train station is a 32-minute drive away, while bourg-saint-maurice train station is 41 minutes away by car.
the restaurant offers typical dishes prepared with fresh and top quality products.
all rooms feature air conditioning.
zakynthos international airport is at 4 km and zakynthos town is 7 km away.
the kitchenette includes a fridge, oven and washing machine.
some feature a flat-screen tv and full kitchen with a dishwasher.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out jeddah islamic port (5.3 km) and al andalus mall (5.4 km).
the hostel is 1.3 km from hongik university station and 3.6 km from time square.
guests can benefit from the central location and discover the many eateries that surround the property, along moskovskaya ulitsa, less than a 15-minute walk away.
a laundrette is on site at the cartersville americas best value inn. guests will be able to enjoy a light snack or a refreshing drink from the on-site vending machines.
bangka’s air-conditioned rooms come with a work desk.
guesthouse k&k is 2.6 km from the bell and drum tower. big wild goose pagoda is a 15-minute bus drive away, while xi'an railway station is a 20-minute drive away.
the seaside stalis village is at 5 km.
at apartmani medo you will find a garden and a terrace.
it features a restaurant and a sauna.
the sanctoo villa has a wedding chapel and welcomes guests for honeymoon.
cavtat is 39 km from villa krasici, while kotor is 11 km from the property.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out independencia square 600 metres away from let home.
the tour desk can book tours of local museums and wineries.
the private bathrooms include bathrobes and a hairdryer.
it also includes a hall with a stage.
phu quoc international airport is accessible within a 28 km drive.
stupino train station is 2 km away.
the aquaforum water park can be visited 2.7 km from the hotel and the seeberg castle can be sightseen 9.4 km away.
the large sliding windows open to the private balcony.
tours excursions to visit the bangkok top attractions are also available.
set in the heart of liverpool’s european capital of culture, signature living, serviced apartments, liverpool offers contemporary and luxurious serviced apartments.
free bikes are available at the hotel.
each apartment is air-conditioned and features full kitchen facilities, a living room and a flat-screen tv.
it includes free wi-fi, private parking and stunning views of the area.
free private parking is also available on site.
the olomouc-nové sady train station is 500 metres away.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can also relax on the terrace with free barbecue oven.
offering free wifi and a garden, apartment jotanović is located in novi vinodolski. opatija is 46 km from the property.
this guesthouse is located less than 20 km from covilhã, in a tranquil location in paul village near hiking trails and river streams.
óbidos lagoon is 7.4 km from the beach village apartments, and óbidos town is 17 km away.
you can enjoy city view.
the signature à la carte restaurant, the chui grill is situated on a two-tiered timber deck and serves fresh seafood and grills.
you can enjoy your meal in different locations around the resort, including the roof garden and poolside.
located a 15-minute walk from slovenska beach in budva, apartment misko features free wifi.
the restaurant offers a variety of cocktails and japanese spirits.
the restaurant features traditional friulian dishes and has a large selection of wine.
each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
located 500 metres from the historic centre and a 15-minute walk from the commercial and financial area, royal torarica features a fitness centre, and outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant in paramaribo.
the next restaurant and a café can be reached on foot in 10 minutes. the beach is 2 km away.
llobregat shopping centre and multi-cinema is 10 minutes’ walk away.
in summer, al fresco dining is possible on the terrace.
walt disney world resort is just 10 minutes’ drive from amsun vacation homes.
the 4-star olympic park boutique hotel is located in changping district, a 10-minute drive from changping fishing palace.
moûtiers-salins-brides-les-bains train station is 26 km away, with local buses available to travel between the train station and the property.
mathurins theatre is 1.4 km from apartment faubourg saint honoré, while comedie caumartin theatre is 1.6 km from the property.
private bathrooms also come with towels.
la peschiera is a luxury 5-star hotel on the adriatic sea in monopoli.
the colourful decorated rooms at los arcos are air conditioned and offer a kitchenette with kitchenware, fridge and views of the garden and the sea.
it offers 24-hour room service and rooms with free wi-fi.
billiards can be enjoyed in the hotel.
at funtastic beach hostel, the friendly staff is fluently conversant in vietnamese and english.
all spa areas of karlovy vary are reachable within few minutes on foot.
freshly laundered towels are provided.
its windows provide wonderful views of the old town and river rhine.
guests of resort maramures can relax at the bar and on the terrace.
there is also a daily entertainment programme and activities for the whole family.
car hire is available at this residence and the area is popular for diving.
shops are 5.5 km away and restaurants can be found within 7.5 km.
room service is available.
coral ridge country club is 3 km from this motel.
there is a concierge service and 24-hour front desk.
tavernas and cafés can be found at a distance of 500 metres.
there are many other dining options within a few minutes’ walk of the hotel.
during summer the rate includes beach service (1 umbrella and 2 sun loungers per room).
all rooms are air-conditioned and have soundproofing and a desk.
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre, hotel president kovilovo enjoys a quiet location, 8 km from the centre of belgrade.
less than a 20-minute drive away, guests will find both ponte de lima and braga city.
located in the atlas mountains and 35 km from the marrakech, this hotel offers mountain views, a swimming pool and large landscaped gardens.
the national museum is 300 metres away, as well as muzeum metro station.
furnished in a traditional style with wooden furniture and floors, the grusaida features 3 bedrooms, a living room with satellite tv, a kitchen, and a bathroom.
there is a full kitchen, with a microwave and an oven, and private bathrooms with a spa bath or shower.
the nearest airport is naples international airport, 62 km from the property.
a flat-screen cable tv, a microwave and a small refrigerator are featured in each air-conditioned room at motel 6 santa rosa route 66. private bathrooms also include a bath or shower.
the apartment comprises a living room with a tv, a kitchen and a desk.
the loft-style accommodation features brick walls, parquet flooring and free wi-fi access is available.
â la carte dishes and drinks are available each day in the relaxing atmosphere of arctic restaurant & bar.
stylish rooms are tastefully decorated with warm mood lighting and wooden flooring.
ahuja residency is about 12 km from indira gandhi international airport.
apartment na matrosova offers accommodation in smolensk, 3 km from the city centre.
the air-conditioned guest rooms feature a private bathroom with bathtub or shower and hairdryer.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site.
located just 500 metres from carrizalillo beach, fabiola's suites at hotel suites la hacienda suites is a colonial-style building with an outdoor pool and gardens.
st. mary magdalene monastery in porat is 600 metres from holiday home valica, while vantacici beach is 700 metres away.
access to a7 motorway is 18 km away.
the modern apartments include a self-catering kitchen and free wi-fi.
guest rooms offer free wi-fi.
a well-equipped kitchenette with cooking hobs, a fridge and electric kettle is included in each air-conditioned studio. they come with a dining area, tv and safe and feature views of the garden, mountain or aegean sea.
breakfast is buffet style at the farmhouse, which also sells homemade produce including cheeses and olive oils, as well as sicilian ceramics.
the hotel is 5 km from calis beach and 13 km from oludeniz beach.
each heated villa has a living room with a sofa and tv.
the vatel provides a free shuttle bus to and from the town centre.
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport, 16 km from parioli place.
la ermita apartments are 100 metres from ronda’s famous puente nuevo bridge over the gorge.
this ecuadorian kiwi hostel mompiche is located on the pacific coast within view of the mache-chindul ecological reserve.
parking and wi-fi are both free.
the ski area of hochgurgl and obergurgl can be reached in a 30-minute drive.
located on the 2nd floor, the apartment is accessible by stairs.
a range of popular local restaurants can have your meal costs added to your accommodation bill.
two parking places are available on the plot.
situated in the centre of la louvière, this design hotel provides modern guest rooms with a free wi-fi hotspot throughout the hotel.
free parking is available nearby.
free wifi access is available.
ottawa international airport is 20.5 km away.
a sweet breakfast is served daily in your room.
rooms have an en suite bathroom and free wi-fi.
at exclusive tour cordoba you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
a flat-screen tv is available.
a corporate & leisure hotel apartment located in al qusais, emirates stars hotel apartment features elegant air conditioned master bedrooms with spacious living/dining areas, with state-of-the-art in-room facilities such as flat screen tv with movie & entertainment satellite channels.
free outdoor parking is possible on site and a lockable garage parking space is available for a surcharge.
nomera na nevskom is located in saint petersburg, within a 5-minute walk of ploshchad vosstaniya metro station and moskovsky train station.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
teramo is a 25-minute drive away.
a variety of cafés and grocery shops can be found within a 5-minute walk from the apartments.
the apartment is spacious and includes parquet floors.
museum of miniature amasya, hazeranlar mansion, and rock tombs of pontus kings are within walking distance.
pension biro’s rooms overlook the forest and feature traditional wooden furniture, a tv, a minibar, and a bathroom.
this apartment has 1 double bedroom, 1 single bedroom, and a bathroom with a shower.
free on-site parking is provided.
there is a terrace and two shared kitchens available for guests.
scientific park is 7 km from d'salvatore boutique hotel yogyakarta, while fort vredeburg is 7 km away.
all units feature a seating area. there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a refrigerator.
apartment le goaster is a self-catering apartment located in honfleur, just 600 metres from the honfleur port and 2 km from butin beach.
andorra bus station is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
it boasts an outdoor pool and free wi-fi, which is available in all areas.
wake up to a delicious complimentary buffet in the bright pavilion.
a 5-minute walk takes guests to restaurants and the nightlife area in bailan village.
lobby bar is available 24 hours.
the en suite bathroom has a bath, shower and free toiletries.
tan son nhat international airport is 30 km away.
historic claybank church is 2 miles away. the property is 17 miles from dothan regional airport and 20 miles from the alabama aviation college.
the property organises sailboat day trips to kornati and krka national parks, as well as nearby islands.
in a tranquil location, the hillcroft provides stunning, themed boutique accommodation and free wi-fi.
all rooms have a tv.
offering convenient public transport connections with the centre of bydgoszcz, hotel chemik has rooms with satellite tv and free wi-fi.
guests have access to a communal sauna, shared hot tub and garden.
featuring with free wi-fi, the property includes a living room with a flat-screen tv and a football table.
guests can use the spacious spa and wellness centre including a recreational pool, a 25-metre sports pool, a complex of saunas and steam baths, and a sunny terrace with sun loungers in the hotel’s garden. guests can also enjoy a wide range of massage and beauty treatments or use the fully equipped fitness room.
this three-bedroom villa features a modern kitchen with tiled countertops and modern appliances. it also has a dining table and a seating area with wicker furniture and a cable tv. the outdoor terrace is furnished and overlooks the plunge pool.
belosarayskaya kosa bus stop is a 15-minute walk from villa s&v. mariupol train station is 26 km away, and mariupol airport is 25 km from villa s&v.
the property offers free parking.
a flat-screen tv and private bathroom come as standard, and wifi is included free of charge.
a convenience store is located in the lobby.
malin beach is 2.1 km from apartment marina, while rova beach is 2.9 km away.
it is 15 minutes' drive from cape tribulation.
the guest house is 2 km from joaquina beach and 7 km from conceicao lagoon.
the guest house features a terrace, and there is free wifi access in the lobby and on the balcony.
at chayka you will find a 24-hour front desk.
located in the heart of bangkok city, golden house apartment offers guests with comfortable rooms.
apartments anagastum is 450 metres from the budva seaside promenade where restaurants and café bars can be found.
colle di val d’elsa is a 12-minute drive from tenuta croce di bibbiano, while monteriggioni is 15 km away.
the tavola rotonda hotel has large gardens.
the unit is 6 km from lake krasnoye.
nice côte d'azur airport is 30 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
it offers elegant air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
split is only 6 km away.
the famous beach of side, buyuk plaj is just a 10-minute walk away.
the property is within a 5-minute drive of the santa fe university of art and design.
the property offers free parking.
it operates a 24-hour front desk and provides free wi-fi access throughout the property.
the nearest airport is karlovy vary international airport, 32 km from guest house orbis.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and a private beach area, murite beach apartments - all inclusive is set in chernomorets.
guests have access to a shared kitchen.
fairmont peace hotel is located right next the bund and is a 5-minute walk from nanjing road pedestrian street.
crocodile park is 1 km from ms aguamarina suites, while aqualand torremolinos is 1.2 km from the property.
this apartment features a tv, a balcony, a well-fitted kitchen and a bathroom.
the hotel is in a pedestrian area, surrounded by shops and cafés, about 2.5 km from lido di jesolo's city centre.
haikou branch of golden sojourn apartment is located a 15-minute walk from baishamen park with the well-known baishamen lighthouse, a 15-minute drive from wanluyuan and a 30-minute drive from haikou shishan crater cluster national geological park.
hotel rain rock’s sky restaurant serves a variety of chinese, cambodian and western dishes daily.
this traditional hotel is only 3 minute-walk from graz main train station and a 10-minute walk from the old town.
the madrugada enjoys a secluded position in the pou roig forests and enjoys wonderful privacy making you feel even more exclusive.
the hostel will provide you with air conditioning and heating facilities.
klong toab beach is 1.5 km away.
return in the evening for dinner in restaurant cajou.
the schützenhaus’ restaurant serves regional, seasonal dishes with fresh produce from the market.
deira city centre shopping mall and the gold souk are 10 minutes’ drive away.
a free continental breakfast is served to guests daily.
ilhéus city centre is located 1 km away.
victory beach is 900 metres away, while independence and occheuteal beaches are a 5-minute drive away.
the shops, restaurants, bars and cafes in ambleside are just 200 metres away.
guests can reach the famous paulista avenue within 5 minutes by metro.
the bar area and breakfast lounge open out onto an inner garden, where guests can relax after a day's sightseeing.
it features 2 outdoor swimming pools with sun loungers and parasols, and free wi-fi.
transfers from and to the airports are available for an additional charge.
all rooms at the family-run zizzole are fitted with parquet floors and include a ceiling fan.
located at just a 10-minute walk from negombo beach, lodge 19 offers air-conditioned units with views of the garden.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher. towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
it boasts an outdoor pool, snack bar, fitness room and free wi-fi access.
the bus to santa eulàlia stops just 100 metres away.
tequisquiapan is 20 minutes’ drive from villas mahando, and querétaro can be reached in a 40-minute drive.
guests can prepare meals on the barbeque at the open equipped terrace with sun loungers.
hotel el volcan is located in la fortuna, 25 minutes’ drive from volcan arenal national park.
guests can park for free.
self-catered, all units comprise a fridge and a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen cable tv.
a homemade breakfast is served every morning.
fitted with tiled floors, the simply decorated rooms of antinoos have a fridge.
a1 motorway offering links to zagreb and western europe can be accessed 55 km from ethno houses plitvica selo.
free private parking is available on site.
only 300 metres from the famous st mark’s square in venice, 3-star hotel anastasia features nicely furnished rooms with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv. la fenice theatre is a 5-minute walk away.
apartments and rooms times inn is located in zagreb, 2 km from the centre.
lucky bungalows is just a 10-minute drive to the well-known phsar leu.
the property has a courtyard, wine cellar, and garden.
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
due to its central location, the regina is surrounded by several dining options.
they are styled in cream-coloured hues and some of them feature private balconies with seating areas.
the hotel is situated 6 km away from biju patnaik airport and 8 km from lingaraj temple.
gîte sourdeval offers self-catering accommodation, a 1500-m2 garden, a terrace, and wi-fi is free of charge throughout the property.
the hotel also provides luggage storage and airport shuttle services on request.
additional amenities include laundry and ironing facilities.
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the guesthouse is just a 1-minute walk from christ church and the renowned stadthuys.
private bathroom comes with a bath tub.
the reception is open 24 hours a day and guests can leave their valuables in the safe.
in the living area of the loft apartment, there is a seating area with a sofa as well as a flat-screen tv. there is a private bathroom with a shower.
free wifi is featured .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen.
chinese, indonesian and international cuisine can be sampled at lian yuan restaurant, while the famous seafood market, pasar muara karang, can be reached by a 10-minute drive.
guests can take a private chauffeured tour, taking you to some of the smaller undiscovered cellar doors.
a safety deposit box is available upon request and for a surcharge.
nestled in tropical gardens, hana lanta resort features comfortable rooms.
some accommodation types are split-level with a seating area and 2 bathrooms.
faro airport is 46 km away.
it has 365 feet of private beach.
the property is a 30-minute drive to karon and kata beaches.
recreational activities include diving, kayaking and night fishing.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
rooms at jugendherberge walchensee-urfeld are simply furnished and feature bunk beds.
each stylish and air-conditioned room features a terrace and a pool view.
geneva international airport is located 74 km from the property.
air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv.
the hotel is a 15-minute walk or short tram ride into the city centre.
located in the centre of cairo, just a 10-minute walk from nasser metro station, this hostel offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
a classic italian breakfast is available daily, with sweet croissants and cappuccino coffee.
set in the zermatt ski resort, 800 metres from the cable car, haus haro offers self-catered accommodation with mountain views, free wifi, and free access to a sauna and a hot tub.
hotel linde is an ideal base for exploring hiking and cycling trails in the surrounding schwäbische alb countryside.
espace mont-noble, 100 metres away, will offer you tennis court, swin golf field, archery, ice-skating rink and other attractions.
claes compaen has a maritime theme and features a garden with a peaceful terrace.
wi-fi is available for free.
free private parking is available on site.
all rooms are air-conditioned and offer a dining and lounge area with a satellite tv.
the bathroom is complete with a shower.
rooms at hotel la camelia are equipped with flat-screen cable tv and have minibars, dining areas and private bathrooms with showers.
casa rosada is located only 5 minutes' drive from ferro e del chiodo museum and a 10-minute drive from the forno di zoldo town centre.
breakfast is available on request, and fresh bread rolls can be delivered to the apartments on request every morning.
meeting rooms and laundry services are also available.
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
complimentary on-site parking is provided.
there is also a sports bar in the lounge and a pool bar.
star coast is situated in the ji'an township of hualien county, 5 km from hualien city.
aparthotel encasa is located near madrid's ifema congress centre and the faunia theme park.
la maisonnette is located 2 km outside montjovet and enjoys panoramic views of the alps.
the bathroom includes a bath, shower and toilet.
the 4-star rooms are bright and spacious, with contemporary décor and a touch of colour.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
each is composed of 2 bedrooms, a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
during summer, meals can be enjoyed on the outdoor terrace.
the apartment has a kitchenette, living area with fireplace.
the jacksonville zoo and gardens is just 11.8 km from this hotel.
a safety deposit box is also provided.
the schneiterhof’s spacious garden comes with a children’s playground, outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities.
smx convention center is 1.5 km from airport backpacker's inn, while sm mall of asia is 1.6 km away.
the family restaurant, also called castro, is only a 2-minute walk away.
towels and bed linen are offered at downtown rising sun.
apollon features a café-bar and air-conditioned lobby with fireplace on site.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning in le grand hotel de l'océan, just next to the hotel, or in the comfort of the guests’ rooms.
porto cervo is a 40-minute drive away.
the resort is located within a 2 hr drive from the south of hanoi.
it provides a bathroom, fitted with slippers and a hairdryer.
at jamund noclegi you will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared kitchen and a bar.
each room includes cable tv and a bathroom with a shower.
tours loire valley airport is 21 km away.
the unit is 1.3 km from cortina - col drusciè, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
mineral water and a coffee machine are provided.
it also offers a large, peaceful mediterranean-style garden.
the apartments will provide you with a balcony or a patio or a terrace.
it features modern rooms, a lá carte restaurant with a spacious terrace where you can enjoy lake views.
each room has a flat-screen tv. the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
breakfast is a sweet buffet.
situated in st mary in the saint mary region, 7 km from ocho rios, villa del camino features a year-round outdoor pool and views of the pool.
guest house bagira features free wifi throughout the property.
amenities at the apartment opera also include separate living and dining areas as well as furnishings made of solid wood.
you can enjoy pool view.
the area offers perfect conditions for fishing and paragliding.
the nearest airport is hong kong international airport, 24 km from the property.
sunny beach resort is 3 km away, while ravda is 2 km from the property.
the rooms are beautifully decorated and come fully air conditioned. they have comfortable seating areas and private bathroom facilities.
the city free shuttle service to the slopes stops right in front of the hotel .
some units include a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
located 6 km from the perched village of peillon, l'auberge romaine features a restaurant-bar and a terrace.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
additional facilities at this riad include a tv room and a 24-hour reception, where you can book onto the airport shuttle or organise an excursion.
at jassons sheesh mahal you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
it is also well known for its horse-breeding.
a b&b located is rauzan a 30-minute drive from libourne, château villotte is set in a renaissance castle surrounded by a park with an outdoor swimming pool.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
pulkovo airport is 15 km from the property.
housed in a wooden villa, this hostel is in alingsås’s city park, 250 metres from the kungsgatan shopping street.
rooms at a casa di max come with parquet floors, a wardrobe and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and bathrobe.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and a hairdryer.
visitors to nearby phantasialand benefit from the shuttle service located just 300 metres from the accommodation.
just 50 metres from the beach and overlooking ibiza's port of san antonio, apartamentos blue star features an outdoor pool and sun terrace. it offers self-catering apartments 2.5 km from the city centre.
st michael's mount is just 22 miles away.
a grocery store can be found 100 metres away, while shops and a green market are reachable in 800 metres.
rooms provide safety deposit boxes along with desks and seating areas.
gatsby restaurant and forest restaurant are also at guests' disposal.
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
s2 hotel is situated in hong kong.
the hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet, free wi-fi and a spacious outdoor pool.
a shuttle service can be booked.
haus kristall is located 300 metres from the centre of mellau in the bregenz forest and 1 km from the mellau ski area, with direct access to the cross-country skiing slopes, and a ski bus stops just a few metres from the house.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
just a short walk from psili ammos beach in karistos, this modern complex offers self-contained apartments with sea views and free wireless internet access.
located in the centre of split, just 100 metres from the palace of diocletian, golden gate hostel offers beds in air-conditioned rooms and free wifi access.
guests can cook their own meals in the apartment’s kitchen.
the rooms of hotel norwood enjoy a light and airy interior, decorated with wooden furnishings.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, golfing and cycling.
free on-site parking is available for added convenience.
the surrounding kitzbühel alps offer a wide range of sports and leisure options in every season.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
there are also 2 bars, and both room service and packed lunches are available on request.
set in manila, 3 km from smart araneta coliseum, apartment at m place quezon city boasts an outdoor pool and terrace.
a year round indoor pool and hot tub are offered on-site.
currency exchange services are provided at the 24-hour front desk.
guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the bar or relax on the terrace.
shop is in 2.4 km, grocers 1.9 km, supermarket 2.7 km, restaurant, bar, bakers and café 2.4 km, bus stop "la malénaz" 500 m, indoor swimming pool 3 km.
the klauseule swimming lake is 4 km from the property, while the adventure park in fulpmes with rafting and paragliding is 10km away.
al massira airport is located 11 km away.
boasting simple décor, the apartment provides guests with a tv and air conditioning.there is a fully-equipped kitchen with a household appliances and kitchenware.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a bath.
guests can relax in the garden, and bardigiano horses are raised on site.
the rooms feature cool tiled floors, and traditional furniture, including wrought-iron beds.
free private parking is available on site.
coffee-making facilities, a hairdryer, and ironing facilities are also provided.
at b&b de kaepstander you will find a terrace and a bar.
after a day of sightseeing, guests can relax at the indoor pool or enjoy the fitness centre.
all rooms have a tv. guest house on druzhby 8a features free wifi .
each hotel room features a minimalistic décor and a private bathroom with shower.
popular activities in the surrounding area include fishing, hiking and cycling, and bicycles can be rented free of charge from the holiday home.
rooms in hotel real monasterio de san zoilo look onto the beautiful gardens.
other facilities at bracken ridge villas include a barbecue.
bed linen and towels are provided.
all include a living room with kitchenette and a garden-view terrace.
located in the city center at the central square, linda's city hostel is only 500 metres from the main train station and the bahnhofstrasse, zürich’s main downtown street and shopping avenue.
cello hotel is a 10-minute drive from coex mega shopping mall, and 20 minutes to gangnam business district.
livu aqua park is a 15-minute drive away.
this property has a quiet location in volda, next to a beach on lake rotevatnet.
piazza duomo is 100 metres from duomo suites & spa, while catania cathedral is 100 metres away.
lehise holiday house is scenically located in a quiet area of tõravere.
on each floor in the building, there is a kitchen with toast, cookies, and coffee and tea, all free of charge.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony, a seating area with sofa and private bathroom. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the nearest airport is sochi international airport, 7 km from guest house na figurnoy 51.
featuring free wi-fi and a washing machine, the apartment has a tv and a kitchenette with microwave and refrigerator.
other facilities include a terrace with barbeque, a childrens playground and the sun loungers as well as a sauna, a whirlpool, an indoor swimming pool and a solarium.
during week days guests can also use a safe in a building nearby.
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
a microwave and toaster are also available, as well as a coffee machine.
the apartment includes 3 flat-screen satellite tvs, free wifi, dvd players, a kitchen with a dining area and dishwasher and a terrace with mountains views.
all rooms come standard with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
it offers a swimming pool and air-conditioned rooms with an lcd satellite tv. wi-fi is free throughout.
the apartment features 2 double bedrooms and a room with bunk beds.
the russian drama theatre and st. volodymyr’s cathedral are within 20 minutes’ walk of the apartments.
the comfort suites hotel is conveniently located less than five miles from the save mart center at fresno state.
the surrounding sierra de béjar region is ideal for hiking, cycling and horse riding.
set in seoul, 9 km from mario outlet, suga house boasts a children's playground and views of the mountain.
bbq facilities are provided.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool, this 2-bedroom mediterranean-style villa is situated 5 km from the bay of pollença and is only 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of alcúdia.
located 1.2 km from the museum of fine arts of lyon and 800 metres from parc de la tête d'or, like home - le parc offers pet-friendly accommodation in lyon. the unit is 900 metres from opera national de lyon.
the accommodation features a cable flat-screen tv.
the relais has been completely refurbished using original materials.
the property is right on the central republic square and 200 metres from the shopping street of knez mihailova.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
rooms and suites feature a seating area, a coffee machine and a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
each has a bathroom with a hairdryer.
the city centre and dinant train station are both less than a 10-minute walk from the accommodation.
secured private parking, with limited places, is available at a location nearby for an additional cost.
all have a kitchenette, living room and a flat-screen lcd tv.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
guests can enjoy a home-cooked full english breakfast every morning.
the millstätter lake is 30 km away.
located in bandar melaka, kota 38 @ kota laksamana offers homely and comfortable accommodation with free parking space on site.
the well-decorated rooms are fitted with a seating area, a flat-screen tv and a safety deposit box.
the pommern museum ship is a 5-minute drive away.
each room comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with free toiletries and a hairdryer provided.
it offers free wifi and air-conditioned units in a building from the 19th century.
there is also a well equipped business centre on site.
set in the centre of bibione, condominio shedir is just 350 metres from the sandy beach.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle.
some have views over the lake.
some rooms also feature a private balcony offering ocean views.
football and volleyball can be played in the garden.
all guest rooms have a private bathroom and a coffee machine equipped with coffee capsules, tea and water.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a traditional breakfast, which includes locally produced cheese, jams and honey, as well as homemade pies, is served daily.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven and fridge.
bilqase throne offers a choice of spacious rooms and suites.
guests can also try the restaurants just a few metres away from the property.
wifi is available for a surcharge.
continental buffet-style breakfast is available every morning.
fontanarossa airport is 49 km away.
a 10-minute walk from jr tsuwano train station, tsuwano hotel features hot public baths, a ganban hot-stone spa and a sauna room.
the rooms at hotel santa fe acapulco with basic décor feature a fan and a wardrobe.
the rycerski features rooms and apartments with unique historic interiors and free wi-fi.
other recreational facilities include an outdoor pool, gym and tennis courts.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as an ipod docking station are provided.
kitchen facilities include a fridge, an electric kettle and a stove.
enjoy, after a day full of activities, a traditional braai with friends or family.
studios and apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 26 km from the property.
some rooms feature garden view.
apartments feature a seating area with a sofa bed, and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge and coffee maker.
it is a 5-minute walk from monte-carlo’s casino and a 10-minute walk from the beach.
located in livadia town of viotia, peridromos offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 3 km from ilia's apartment.
the 24-hour front desk provides safety deposit box for guests’ convenience.
the hotel offers an outdoor pool, free internet access and a restaurant.
it includes a sofa and flat-screen tv in the living room.
guests can share a meal with family and friends using the bbq facilities.
the rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with flat-screen tvs and coffee making facilities.
each unit is equipped with a fridge, mini oven, cooking hobs and a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with shower or bath tub and hairdryer.
the riverfront entertainment park is just 10 minutes’ drive away.
a buffet breakfast is served, during summer months, on the rooftop dining area that enjoys panoramic views of the island.
relax surrounded by cities of art and heritage like urbino, san leo and the republic of san marino.
facilities include a garden with a children's playground, barbecue facilities, a terrace with sun beds and mountain views.
there is a bus stop a few steps from the property.
offering a garden view, rooms feature a private bathroom with a shower.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the historic registan square is just a 5-mintue walk from the family-run jahongir.
each accommodation includes a kitchen with a refrigerator, sink, stove and dishes.
located in buenos aires, metropolitan midtown offers self-catering accommodation with a rooftop swimming pool and panoramic city views. the property has free wifi access.
it offers free wifi access.
all air-conditioned studios include a seating area and terrace overlooking the sea. the kitchenette is equipped with a stove and microwave.
a garden with barbecue facilities is at guests' disposal and a children's playground is provided at a surcharge.
located inside nanshan cultural tourism area, leisure villas offers elaborately decorated guestrooms with lovely sea views or garden views.
there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher. an oven and coffee machine are also featured.
the open-plan kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
the resort is only a 5-minute drive from boracay port.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
located in the centre of búzios at rua das pedras and just a few steps from canto beach, this guest house offers modern accommodation with views and free wi-fi.
guests can use the on-site laundry facilities and the express check-in/check-out services.
apartments come with a balcony or a terrace, while some also have sea views.
located in agadir, luxury studio offers an indoor pool and a spa and wellness centre.
westend underground station is a 3-minute walk from the westend frankfurt apartment.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
guests can indulge in relaxing in-room massages.
the ground floor includes a coffee shop that serves beverages and sandwiches.
the ski resort of hania is a 20-minute drive.
the property boasts views of the garden and is 400 metres from basilica of san frediano.
apartament długa 2 is a self-catering accommodation located in gdańsk. the property is 100 metres from neptune fountain and 100 metres from artus court.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries in each unit.
guests can make use of the business centre, laundry facilities and free parking.
sanglung villas private pool is a 15-minute drive from air sanih beach, 1-hour drive from lovina beach and a 2.5-hour drive from ngurah rai international airport.
some rooms have a partial sea view.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
the lounge has sofas, a dining area and a flat-screen tv.
the lounge area includes satellite tv and a fireplace.
the property features a sun terrace and views of the mountain.
yu jia apartment is a 25-minute drive from chongqing north railway station, a 30-minute drive from chongqing railway station and chongqing terminal station.
featuring an indoor pool, an outdoor pool, a solarium, a restaurant and a bar, gran lourdes offers free wi-fi and breakfast in villa carlos paz. the city centre and commercial pedestrian street are 20 metres away, while the famous cucu clock is 50 metres from the hotel.
extras include bed linen and a fan.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
each comes with a functional décor and private bathroom, and some include a seating area.
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer.
the famous cathedral is only a 6-minute walk away.
situated a 5 minutes' drive from perth, just off the a9 road, ordieview bed & breakfast boasts tranquil accommodation with free wi-fi, free parking, picturesque views, a bright and spacious conservatory, and an outdoor seating area.
all villas are bright and spacious and some offer a private pool.
other comforts include nightwear and toiletries.
the house offers wooden décor, a tv and stunning sea views.
at the tropical and colourful mont hebron there is a sauna.
this hotel is just off i-45 and 17 miles from downtown houston.
tbilotel features a 50-person conference hall, a fully equipped business centre, free private parking and free wifi.
bw suite belitung is a 15-minute drive from kaolin lake, while tanjung binga beach and h.a.s hanandjoeddin airport are both a 20-minute drive away.
enjoying a quiet location and a garden, guest house adriatika is situated in krimovice, 10 km from budva old town. ploce beach is 2 km from the property.
guests at tre monti hotel have access to the property's private beach with sun loungers and umbrellas.
palace square is 3.3 km from lesnoy prospekt 3.
the owners can help with organising excursions to agion oros and other nearby destinations.
offering free bikes, riad nassima marrakech is located in marrakech.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
free wifi access is offered.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
hotel g9 is located in tallinn, a 15-minute walk of the beautiful old town and its historic monuments.
colona castle is a boutique hotel occupying a mountain-side position by table mountain national park, overlooking false bay and the cape peninsula.
the property is reachable by bus from both florence and grassina.
each en suite bathroom features a luxurious free-standing bath and rainforest shower with bathrobes and clarins bath products supplied.
free private parking is available on site.
rooms at the tresvalle has original wood beams and tiled floors.
the restaurant has a terrace, where you can enjoy mediterranean cuisine and excellent desserts.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv is provided.
this property is about 50 km from podgorica airport.
most have carpeted floors.
the accommodation also offers laundry/ironing services, a well-equipped business centre and free parking facilities for guests who drive.
tours to the cat project for interaction with tame cheetahs can be arranged.
staff at the hotel can assist with the organisations of tours, excursions and airport transfers.
exotic cocktails can be served at the pool bar with beautiful view of torba bay.
private parking is possible on site, while public parking is free nearby.
providing a tranquil environment, the rooms in la galeana feature private bathrooms, satellite tvs, and minibars.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning. private bathrooms also come with a shower.
you are 30 minutes' drive from the popular beach resort of otranto and 1 hour's drive from brindisi airport.
some units feature a living room.
its wellness centre includes a pool with hydromassage features and gym.
the nearest metro station, służew is within 4 km.
the eden has a terrace with a seating area.
oishe boutique hotel features free wifi .
sutra beach resort & spa terengganu is located at kampung rhu tapai village, a 10-minute drive from merang jetty.
the oven and stove in each provided fully-equipped kitchen allow for home cooked meals which can be enjoyed in the stylish dining area.
the private bathroom comes with shower.
the hotel prides itself on providing friendly and efficient service.
the seasons villas are elegantly furnished and decorated in soft tones.
suvarnabhumi airport is located 23 km away.
freshly prepared, home cooked meals are served daily.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding, hiking and canoeing.
the apartment is 1 km from puerta del sol.
great yarmouth boasts many attractions, including the sealife centre, great yarmouth pleasure beach and the pavilion theatre.
cafeterias and restaurants are 200 metres away.
bryce canyon is 40 minutes’ drive from this guest accommodation.
free wifi is featured.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property and there is a restaurant on-site.
all of the rooms have a balcony.
free wi-fi is provided and the host can help organise tours, excursions and transfers.
iskenderun city centre is within 40 km.
the day starts with a rich open buffet breakfast at the suda restaurant where guests can sample authentic turkish cuisine as well.
the houses are well located for exploring the area’s numerous hiking routes and tours of nerpio cultural park are offered.
some units include a terrace and/or patio.
the théâtre de l'atelier theatre, after which this apartment is named, is next door.
you can walk to rubicón marina in 8 minutes. the centre of playa blanca is 12 minutes from the hotel on foot.
free wifi access is available.
the 2-floor villa has a bright living room with a fireplace, sofas, satellite tv and dvd player. there is a separate dining area offering mountain views.
free wireless internet access is available in this holiday home.
villa lia is a detached villa situated in pefki rhodes in the rhodes region and is 44 km from rhodes town.
panorama danubius apartment offers accommodation in budapest, 300 metres from matthias church and 500 metres from chain bridge. the property boasts views of the river and is 500 metres from buda castle.
ataturk airport is 20 km away.
the apartment is a 10-minute drive from the picturesque old town.
the property is 3 km from brest fortress and free private parking is offered.
baza otdiha nezabudka also includes a sauna.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation.
free private parking is available on site.
the marble bathroom is private.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
tivat airport is at a distance of 7 km.
the nearest airport is heraklion international airport, 32 km from scorpios-apts.
the mount vesuvio nature protection area can be reached in 20 minutes by car, and naples is 30 km away.
rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) flooring and japanese futon bedding.
army historic museum and fort of copacabana is 600 metres from studio posto 6, while post 7 - arpoador is 800 metres away.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the private bathrooms have the added comfort of bathrobes and slippers.
the hotel also offers car hire.
hotel attic’s restaurant serves a range of local and international dishes.
wi-fi access is available at an extra charge.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and bbq facilities, villa milou offers furnished, self-catering apartments. it is located in the north of pretoria, just 10-minutes’ walk from kolonnade shopping centre and montana traders.
thipurai beach hotel annex is a 2-minute walk from hua hin beach, and 800 metres from the centre of hua hin.
a microwave and kettle are also featured.
some rooms have a flat-screen tv.
the soundproofed guest rooms are equipped with a minibar and a flat-screen tv.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave, and a bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and fishing.
el señorio has a library, as well as a lounge area with a fireplace and a flat-screen tv.
luggage storage is offered and there is a tour desk.
tour arrangements and ticketing services are available at the tour desk.
you can enjoy mountain view.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, ticketing service and a tour desk.
at chalés felicidade guests will find a garden and a terrace.
huifeng’s international apartment is a 5-minute walk from east railway metro station (line 3).
the hotel’s rooftop spa features a hot tub, hammam and a sauna, making it the ideal place to unwind.
gut thailing golf club is 9 km away.
located in panglao city, kentian star tourist inn is just 500 metres from the beachfront.
at solhabitat villa maroa you will find a garden with barbecue facilities and sun loungers.
all elegantly furnished rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with cable tv. the modern bathrooms come with bath or shower.
with free wi-fi , it also has an outdoor hot tub.
the rooms feature free wi-fi and satellite tv.
these self-catering apartments are located 650 metres from canteleu metro station and less than a 10-minute drive from the centre of lille.
the u arena is located 2 km away from the hotel.
guests can also use the garden at phoenix i complex alexander services apartments.
at hotel - restaurant sonneneck you will find a garden. other facilities offered include luggage storage and a children's playground.
free wi-fi is available throughout the building.
mystic amtrak and mystic seaport museum are within a 12-minute drive of the hotel.
guests will also find a shared tv lounge at the hotel.
moulin vert is located a 15-minute walk from gare montparnasse and 400 metres from pernety metro station, which offers direct access to the champs-elysees.
verdaguer metro station, with good connection to the historic centre, la barceloneta beach and the camp nou stadium, is 200 metres away.
mineralnye vody airport is 26 km away.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
the living room comes with a fireplace and a tv. it has direct access to the terrace with barbecue, dining and pool area.
hiking and cycling routes pass by the property.
the units at the lala come with a private bathroom with a shower and cable tv.
the attached bathroom has shower facilities and free toiletries.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings including hiking and cycling.
bed linen is offered.
laundry services are available for an extra fee.
the klosters train station is 240 metres away and davos is 15 km away. there is a children's ski lift 500 metres from the property.
set along the ohre river, this 4-star hotel offers en-suite rooms with cable tv and private balcony.
king mohammad bin abdel aziz airport is 15 minutes by taxi.
rooms have free wi-fi access and air conditioning, and some feature a hydromassage shower.
traditional guest rooms offer free wi-fi and a cable tv.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
all apartments have a seating area with satellite tv. a private bathroom and kitchenette with a microwave, refrigerator and dining area are also featured in apartments dobrinic.
a grocery store is within 1 km, while the closest restaurant is 3 km away.
each comprises a kitchenette, a dining area and a flat-screen cable tv.
the spa town of chianciano terme is 30 minutes away by car.
the nearest airport is nice côte d'azur airport, 7 km from loft atypique vieux nice.
the tan son nhat international airport is a 25-minute drive away.
the cozy rooms at hotel garant & suites provide a refrigerator.
it also features the aviator bar & lounge on the 10th-floor, offering panoramic views of warsaw and the airport.
there are two bedrooms with double beds, the other two have singles.
silken coliseum is situated just 300 metres from santander train station.
the 24-hour front desk at this pet-friendly motel offers fax and copying services.
there is a seating area and a kitchenette.
free luggage storage and coin-operated laundry facilities are available.
your hosts are happy to arrange various activities for you, including professional massages or horse riding.
free public parking is possible at 100 metres.
located 600 metres from passeig de gracia, the hostel features a terrace, 24-hour reception and shared kitchens.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation, which it situated on the first floor and has its own entrance.
the house is made of wood and stone in a highland style.
ski equipment can be hired on site, and ski passes can be purchased at reception.
the nearest airport is split airport, 15 km from the property.
a buffet of sweet italian food is served at breakfast each morning.
set in the countryside, agriturismo due torri is just 15 minutes' drive from soverato on calabria's ionian coast.
the nearest golf course is 3.1 km from the unit.
located in a 5-minute walk from the beach in tamraght village, surf camp morocco offers surfing lessons, quad biking and camel rides.
nanettes villa is conveniently located in the heart of pacific harbour. it is 150 metres from local shops and restaurants, and 900 metres from pearl south pacific championship golf course.
each room at connells motel traralgon includes a mini refrigerator, tea/coffee making facilities, heating and air conditioning.
the soundproofed guest rooms at the hotel le bourgogne are equipped with flat-screen tvs and free wi-fi access.
florianópolis city center and bus station are at a distance of 27 km, while hercílio luz international airport is 37 km away.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
airport shuttle service as well as car rental is available at the lina guest house on request for a surcharge.
rhea silvia luxury rooms is located in rome and it features modern-style rooms with free wifi. piazza navona square is just a 20-minute walk away.
all units have a flat-screen tv. some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
located in agropoli, 41 km from salerno, anna features a restaurant, bar and free wifi. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
rooms at my home hotel are air conditioned and have a flat-screen satellite tv.
kitchenettes include a microwave, hob, kettle and toaster.
the property is approximately 10 km from bandaranaike international airport.
le mas d’espérance provides a suite and guest rooms, all soundproofed, heated and air-conditioned.
the provided units all feature a kitchen or a kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower.
the property is 1.9 km from stone church and 600 metres from mundo a vapor.
airport transfers and area shuttles are available at additional charges.
during the winter months, drinks and coffees are served at the relaxing setting of the on-site bar by the fireplace.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
the spacious apartments are decorated with wooden furniture and provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
the foothills of mount athos are 2.5 km away.
the private bathroom is stocked with toiletries and a hairdryer.
offering a a sauna and a steam bath, gasthof dalnig is 600 metres from the centre of bad kleinkirchheim and the kaiserburg cable car. the restaurant serves carinthian cuisine, including trout from the on-site pond.
the filler ski lift can be reached in a 15-minute walk, and the plose ski area is 25 km away.
amenities include cable tv and a fridge.
the rote bar and anna sacher restaurants serve international and traditional viennese cuisine.
guests can benefit from room service, laundry and car rental.
free wifi is provided throughout the building. guests enjoy free coffee.
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
dream palace hotel has a restaurant that offers international cuisine and regional dishes.
breakfast is prepared every morning, and it can be taken on the veranda overlooking the pool.
activities in the surrounding area include snorkeling, sailing, golfing and tennis.
the fashionably furnished interiors incorporate artistic touches which create a unique atmosphere.
guests can enjoy the sea views from the restaurant, bistro or tea room.
private parking is available on site.
en suite bathrooms have separate bathtub and shower facilities. free toiletries include a toothbrush/toothpaste set.
set overlooking the bay of santa ponsa, this sunny holiday aparthotel offers easy access to the golden sands of south-west majorca.
the rooms feature air conditioning, a tv and a fridge.
free fax and copy services are offered to all guests of the kalispell super 8.
my-places can offer evening security on request and free change of bed linen, towels and cleaning of the apartment every 2 weeks.
each comes with a cooling fan, plus a private or shared bathroom.
metropol hotel also provides a private garage, with an extra cost.
this property also features a terrace, a bar and free on-site parking.
hongqiao airport is 20 km away, while pudong airport is 40 km away.
it has a restaurant serving national specialities.
da jing yong xin hotel is 10 km from yandangshan railway station.
there are a number of restaurants and pubs within a 5-minute drive.
there are two single beds in the annex building.
the nearest airport is rostov-on-don international airport, 210 km from the property.
mansion jj is a 10-minute walk from nana skytrain station.
orange hotel has a restaurant serving european cuisine where guests can order breakfast.
a garden with sunbathing area is also available.
it offers a gym and rooms with a plasma-screen tv.
a continental breakfast buffet with fresh breads, pastries, fruits, cereals and sliced cold meats is offered for gbp 9.50.
parking is free for the duration of the stay.
located in the centre of cesky krumlov, pension rosa is just 200 metres from the main square.
free private parking is available on site.
a variety of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and darts.
canyon road art district is less than 10 minutes’ drive away.
all units include a kitchenette with fridge and an lcd tv. the bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
the ajoie spa has a bar and a lounge area where coffee, tea and smoothies are served.
the air-conditioned guest rooms com with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and an en suite bathroom with free toiletries, bathtub or shower.
set in the heart of les 2 alpes ski resort, this chalet is 300 metres from les diables cable car.
guests can have their breakfast and later in the day enjoy a meal at the restaurant, or have a drink at the bar of hotel estelle.
all heated rooms at the family-run el romerito have a private bathroom, and there is a tv and work desk.
the days inn telford is just off junction 4 of the m54 and 5 miles from telford.
guangzhou baiyun international airport is located a 45-minute drive away.
there is a lift to access the apartment.
there is a massage chair and a spa pool for 6 people.
hyéres airport is 31 km away and takes around 35 minutes by car.
the santa giulia is just a 12-minute drive from porto-vecchio, where guests can access ferry services to marseilles.
bars, restaurants and cafés can be found in the surrounding streets. surf and bike rental shops can be found along the beach.
cable tv is included in all town homes at villas at seven dwarfs lane resort. they have a fully-equipped kitchen, a seating area with a sofa, and laundry facilities.
you can arrange for a massage at an additional charge, and the lobby’s free-use internet terminals have a printer.
the on-site pub features roaring log fires and serves seasonal food and drink.
explorit science center is 12.6 miles away.
snacks and drinks can also be enjoyed in the flaggenbar piano bar or on the spacious sun terrace.
the bathroom is private and has shower.
the albergo hotel garden ristorante is situated in a quiet and panoramic position very close to the centre of tabiano and the thermal baths.
a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available, as well as a library and a gift shop.
guests can choose from a variety of food options and starbucks coffee at the bistro and get drinks at the lobby lounge.
set in the main builiding or in an annex 10 metres from the main building, rooms at the falli hotel all come with air conditioning, a satellite flat-screen tv and minibar.
you can start the day with a rich open buffet breakfast.
iris residence 2. offers accommodation in budapest, 400 metres from state opera house and 800 metres from st. stephen's basilica.
most of the apartments are also air-conditioned and offer full kitchen facilities and an open fireplace.
others offered at the property include luggage storage.
the settlement of osor, a former roman city, is only a few minutes’ drive away.
it is 12.5 km to johannesburg’s centre. o.r.
towels and bed linen are featured.
a bus station is at a distance of 500 metres and a train station is 800 metres from the artloft hotel.
terme leopoldine is 500 metres from hotel donatello, while terme tettuccio is 600 metres from the property.
bathroom facilities are shared.
it provides massage services and modern rooms with free bottled water daily.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
free wifi access is available.
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
drinks and light refreshments can be enjoyed at ak's lounge.
samui airport is 4 km away from the property.
with modern décor, apartments here provide guests with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, cable channels and a balcony.
buffet breakfast is served each morning and can be enjoyed on the sunny terrace, surrounded by peaceful nature.the owners of this family run hotel will gladly advise the guests on nearby attractions and activities, and suggest the best restaurants and beaches.
free parking is offered at quality inn fort worth.
there are only 7 steps leading up to the apartment, making it also ideal for older guests.
just 100 metres from the beach, cristimar is located in los cristianos.
renmin park is 3.3 km from linyi junfu guest house.
lhasa tashitakge hotel is a 3-minute walk from jekhang temple and a 40-minute drive from the lhasa airport.
tribute guest house matala offers free shuttle to the airport and the border gate.
the eagle's landing restaurant offers breakfast, lunch and dinner daily.
hotel an der brunnader is situated in the town of bad birnbach.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
the rooms here are equipped with towels and linens, a flat-screen tv with cable channels, air conditioning, and a shared bathroom.
at aquatica water theme park & resort you will find a garden.
the accommodation is equipped with a tv.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, fridge and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
ubud palace and ubud market are 3.6 km from ubud virgin villa, while ubud monkey forest is 5 km away.
housed in a 1914 building, this central inn lies only 6 minutes’ walk from røros station.
there is a 24-hour help desk and airport transfers can be arranged upon request.
cable tv and a private bathroom are included in every room, and some have a balcony with views of the moselle and cochem castle.
free wi-fi access is available in the common areas and breakfast is included and served daily.
each room includes en suite facilities with either shower or bathtub.
fitted with tiled flooring and dark wood furnishings, air-conditioned rooms are equipped with satellite tv and a large fridge.
inn american is 2 miles from elm hills public golf course.
featuring free wifi, apartamentos calle nueva is located in málaga, 100 metres from calle larios. malaga cathedral is 200 metres from the property.
rondonópolis bus station is 1 km from hotel marathi park, while the city's industrial zone is at a distance of 2 km.
morro do careca hill is 200 metres away.
the nearest airport is bologna guglielmo marconi airport, 79 km from the property.
a washing machine and bed linen are included.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
fitted with tiled flooring, each villa at pranburi cabana comes with air-conditioning, a satellite tv and a minibar.
providing free on-site parking, it also has a restaurant which serves regional dishes in a buffet style.
there is a dining area that seats 4 people, and the bathroom features large windows and a bathtub.
bridge of cally hotel is situated at the foothills of glenshee, which is the gateway to the scottish highlands.
parking is free.
there is also a snack bar.
shops and restaurants can be found in 3 km.
a daily breakfast is served and alegre restaurant offers fusion cuisine dishes.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is available.
stora brännbo provides light rooms furnished in a contemporary nordic style.
a swimming pool with a poolside patio is featured at this resort on the lake of the ozarks in osage beach.
it is 3 km from the local bus station and 300 km from jammu railway station.
a tv with cable channels is available.
just over the bridge from the garden hotel is the nevsky prospekt, the new exhibition hall, city sculpture museum and alexander nevsky monastery.
la résidence "les grands vignobles" offers villas located in libourne, a 6-minute drive from saint-emilion.
café mahkota serves authentic asian and western buffets.
guests can share a meal at the owner’s table as well as enjoy wine tasting from the property.
there is public parking on the road.
guests can choose between private rooms and shared dormitories at albergue jaca.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
kas bazaar market is 3.7 km from kosem ottoman villas, while hellenistic theatre is 3.8 km away.
pappukutty beach resort is 14 km from trivandrum international airport and thampanoor railway station.
with sea views, each air-conditioned apartment is equipped with a tv with cable channels and a kitchen or kitchenette with electric kettle and refrigerator. the private bathroom comes with a shower.
some also include a bath.
just a 10-minute walk from the libia metro station on the b line, luna d'est is located in a residential area in northern rome.
the a7 motorway is 15 minutes away by car.
bathrobes are available at surcharge.
the spacious rooms of hotel flora are decorated in a traditional alpine style.
in the area you will find shops , grocers, supermarkets , restaurants , bars , bus stop "grassina 31 - 32" 1 km.
there is an individual garage by the house.
idol hotel is located in paris, 100 metres from saint-lazare train station, a 15-minute walk from galeries lafayette and an 18-minute walk from opéra . the hotel is inspired by groovy and funky music from the 60s to the 80s.
extras include bed linen.
it features a seasonal outdoor pool, a variety of activities and wooden bungalows with a terrace.
room service serves a variety of indian cuisines.
hönow underground station is only 100 metres from the hotel.
the town of ston, on pelješac peninsula, can be reached in 22 km, while the unesco-protected dubrovnik is 65 km away.
all of them offer stunning views to the mountains.
opéra garnier is 2.6 km from petit trianon-etoile, while orsay museum is 2.7 km from the property.
extras include towels and linen.
a breakfast is available each morning at maison lameloise and it can be served in the dining room or comfort of your own room.
river rock estate is a 1-hour drive from queenstowns main ski fields, coronet peak and the remarkables ski area.
situated 1.9 km from larnaca salt lake in larnaka, this apartment features free wifi.
in gravataí city centre, this hotel is 200 metres from the local bus station.
the property is only steps away from old quebec.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
parking is also free on site.
other dining options include a bakery.
dinner can be served by villa cook upon request.
the à la carte restaurant of medd garden hotel offers unique tastes of turkish and international cuisine, and black sea region.
hotel presidente is set just 250 metres from levante beach and offers free internet in public areas.
guests at hotel vieira ́s can dine at the restaurant, which offers a selection of regional dishes, or relax with a tropical cocktail at the lobby bar.
situated in the heart of manama’s al seef district, 1 km from the city centre, this 5-star design hotel offers luxurious rooms with a flat-screen tv.
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
britannia golf course is a 7-minute drive from the property, while georgetown city centre, which boasts restaurants, bars and shops, is less than 4 km away.
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
the modern accommodation includes a bedroom and a living room. it will provide you with an lcd tv offering pay-per-view channels and cable channels. there is an equipped kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator, as well as a bathroom featuring a shower cabin and a washing machine.
rooms have an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer, as well as a coffee machine.
rovinj aquarium and the cathedral of st. euphemia are located in the town centre.
guests who enjoy spa therapy can make use of the on-site infrared sauna.
ghazal, the in-house restaurant serves a range of dishes including fine vegetarian delicacies.
it also has an outdoor pool, hot tub and a solarium.
a non-smoking allergy-free environment is offered for added comfort.
featuring an on-site restaurant, charlie hotel is set in a quiet area in torony, 5 km from szombathely and 6 km from the austrian border.
breakfast is buffet style at the rodella hotel.
free private parking is available for guests exploring the pyrénées-orientales region by car.
you can start the day with an italian-style breakfast, it includes sweet pastries and croissants together with hot drinks.
monsaraz castle is just 2 km from monte do laranjal. alqueva lake is just a few minutes’ walk away.
it features accommodation with sea or garden views as well as free wi-fi access.
free public parking is available near the zum elefant from 17:00.
towels are offered.
it is just 100 metres to the central schlosspark park, and free wifi internet is available in the hotel.
rustaveli theatre is 13 km from guest house inga's garden, while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 13 km away.
the hotel provides laptop computers, printers and free hi-speed wifi internet available in the reception and foyer.
the beach is 100m located from the property.
kuala lumpur international airport is 39 km away.
münchen airport is located 60 km from the property.
you can relax at noblesse bar while sipping your drink accompanied by pleasing views of the sea. live music performance can be enjoyed at noblesse bar during the night and the hotel also offers live piano performance at the lobby during the day at certain times. renovated marmara fish restaurant serves selective sea food dishes on the terrace throughout the year. featuring idyllic view of the marmara sea and the princes' islands, daphe restaurant & grill's delicious menu includes mediterranean and turkish dishes.
free parking is also available.
guests choosing stuttgart world of apartment can book a range of services.
located a 3-minute walk from the beach, hospedaje la quebrada is a small family owned hotel located only 200 metres from the commercial area of máncora.
towels are featured.
two underground car parks are situated 50 metres from hotel marguerite and the hotel guests can benefit from reduced prices.
a number of restaurants serving a range of local and international cuisines can be found within 5 km.
situated along the shores of bulabog beach, palm breeze villa boutique resort offers elegant and comfortable accommodation with free wifi access in the entire property.
it features 3 dining options and air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv.
all apartments have a lounge-dining room with a tv and a modern bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
centrally located, pensión zurita is 100 metres from the cathedral of granada and the main commercial area.
other services include laundry and free wireless access in the lobby.
the hotel provides car rental and shuttle services, while travel bookings can be made at the tour desk.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
guests can enjoy a simple buffet with japanese and western dishes.
it offers stunning views over the weaver hills.
free private parking is available.
stārķis is a detached holiday home featuring a garden with a barbecue, located 6 km from daugavpils in the latgale region.it features a number of spa facilities at extra charge, including sauna, therapeutic massage, clay wraps, also with essential oils and herbs, face and body masks using natural ingredients, bathing massage and massage cupping.
buffet breakfast is available and it is a 2-minute walk to the nearest restaurant.
garni hotel sonnenlay offers free on-site parking, and great access to hiking, cycling and boat trips to bernkastel or traben-trarbach.
both free wifi and free parking space are accessible here.
it offers accommodation with free foosball, table tennis and a seasonal outdoor swimming pool.
ferienwohnungen eichenhof is located 3 km from the südpfalz thermal spa.
featuring a shower, all 3 en suite bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
with contemporary décor, these air-conditioned rooms feature a small outdoor area. each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
all accommodation types are air-conditioned.
san mark's cathedral is a 5-minute walk away.
the private bathroom includes a bath or a shower, slippers and free toiletries.
the a1 motorway exit is around 40 km away.
dazhou railway station is a 30-minute drive away. dazhou east railway station can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
you will find a kettle and a fridge in the room.
located in central london, kilburn apartments offers a self-catering apartment with free wifi access throughout.
a kitchenette with fridge, cooking facilities and dining area is included in all apartments at the abela.
located on doclet beach, the 4-star white sand resort and spa features an outdoor pool, tennis courts and fitness centre. it has free wi-fi, free parking and 4 dining options.
each bright room at the rancho don cesar offers tiled floors, a fan and a desk. all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
the apartment at city center includes a living room with a sofa bed and flat-screen cable tv.
the bathrooms offer a shower or bath and hairdryer.
guests can swim or go snorkeling.
at the diana b&b breakfast features a selection of sweet pastries and croissants, together with hot drinks.
westborough country club is 3 minutes’ drive and many restaurants and shopping centres are within walking distance.
the kitchen at gîtes de chevémont is equipped with all the necessary amenities to prepare meals as well.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
all air-conditioned apartments are equipped with a tv, a kitchen with a microwave and a living room.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
facing its private beach in bellaria, 3-star hotel gradara offers a terrace with a pool and 3 hot tubs. it features a restaurant, free bike rental and 40 air-conditioned rooms.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
extras include a seating area and satellite channels.
decorated with white linens and wood furniture, all rooms include ironing facilities.
the tropicana lodge is located 900 metres from bocas del toro main square and 650 metres from isla colon international airport.
each includes a tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries.
tennis, bowling and table tennis can enjoyed for an extra fee. other surcharge services include an airport shuttle, ironing service and laundry.
it features a wellness area and free private parking.
many restaurants and pubs are available within a 3-minute walk from the hostel.
located in the bustling city centre of xiamen, oriental amage hotel is situated within the mingfa plaza.
the unit features a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a laser printer and a well-equipped kitchen.
cottage saarsilk is located in a peaceful area in sarzhenka.
located 3 km from lucknow city centre, charans guest house offers a 24-hour front desk and free wi-fi at the reception.
king khalid airport is located 16 km away.
simferopol airport is 70 km away.
relax in your elegant room, tastefully decorated with rich fabrics and paintings.
guests can relax on the sun loungers available by the pool or in the garden.
guests can use a big hall for relaxation and parties with fireplace and music equipment, kitchen, shared shower and toilet.
comforts include a flat-screen tv and a spacious bathroom.
there is a selection of cafés and restaurants 5 km away from the property.
access to the a22 motorway is 1 km away and albufeira 11 km away. portimão is a 17-minute drive away and faro international airport is 47 km away.
this air-conditioned apartment offers free wifi.
the property offers free parking.
the city of melbourne is a 2.5-hour drive away.
there is also a dining area and a kitchenette fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and toaster are also featured, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
backyard youth hostel is within a 10-minute walk of xiamen railway station.
samara-kurúmoch airport is 8 minutes’ drive from the property, and samara town centre is 40 km away.
free wifi is provided.
port fanari guest house features free wifi .
pets can also be accepted upon request.
the hotel’s restaurant serves local specialities and international favourites.
the nearest airport is minsk-2 airport, 30 km from the property.
panagia kera church is within 8 km.
guests of the brava can relax on a sun-lounger on the beach, or rent a bicycle and explore the city.
it takes 30 minutes by car to reach tainan high speed railway station.
suites la residence is 1.5 km from the corniche seafront promenade.
cosy units feature modern balinese interiors, a private balcony and views of the lake.
free local calls are included.
a breakfast, lunch and dinner menu is available, with an emphasis on seasonal game, fish and meat.
william's castle party villa free heaven branch offers spacious, cosy guestrooms. free wifi is provided.
the lilac garden and a sports hall are within a 15-minute walk from hotel dobele.
surrounded by nature, casa rural llugarón ii features barbecue facilities, furnished terrace and a small garden with a children’s playground. situated in miravalles, the country house is 4 km from villaviciosa.
other facilities include a washing machine and dishwasher.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
the 24-hour front desk can help guests secure airport shuttles. hotel podocarpus is 38 km from camilo ponce enríquez airport.
university of southern california is 20 minutes’ walk from the homestay.
elite boutique hotel is within a 10-minute drive to sydney market, tuol sleng museum, royal palace and wat phnom temple.
all suites come with a flat-screen satellite tv, a minibar and an in-room safety box. they feature a modern bathroom fitted with a bathtub and shower facilities.
each accommodation has 1 or 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower, hairdryer, and free toiletries. there is a living space with a sofa bed, flat-screen tv, and dining table, while the kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher, fridge, and coffee machine.
guests can swim in the indoor pool, or relax in the jacuzzi.
the charming rooms at the governor house inn offer spacious work areas and free local telephone calls.
the bright rooms in hostal tante puppe feature private bathrooms and tvs.
beijing capital airport is 24 km away.
daan's place has spacious rooms, decorated with traditional wooden furniture and tiled floors.
children up to 14 years of age receive a 50% discount on food and beverages.
the centre of sunny beach is 800 metres away.
a garage for motorcycles and bicycles is provided, and the centre of seeboden can be reached in a 3-minute walk.
es casal features striking interiors with exposed stone walls, arched ceilings, french doors and modern finishes.
located across the victoria garden in vuga and 5 minutes' walk away from the peace memorial museum, hiliki house features colonial architecture.
guests can benefit from free wifi, an air conditioning system and a common kitchen.
complimentary newspapers are available.
the knut hamsun centre is 30 km away.
marmaris town centre is a 10-minute drive from the property.
guests can grab a drink and socialize with friends at the pub, which offers american fare for lunch and dinner.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
ponte de lima is 26 km away and the peneda - gerês national park is a 23-minute drive.
brunico is a 30-minute drive away.
it offers individually decorated rooms, a stable and a pond with a fishing pier and an island.
some accommodations feature a private swimming pool and a fully equipped kitchen.
several ferries to islands in the archipelago leave from the marina.
the medical university of south carolina is minutes from the house of john rutledge.
kosa nostra apartments offers accommodation in tashtagol. the unit is 19 km from sheregesh.
the en suite bathrooms include shower facilities, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
main railway station is only 1.5 km away.
corvara is 46 km from romeo apartment, while sestri levante is 17 km from the property.
holiday apartments vista del mar 2 is located between sunny beach and sveti vlas.
it features an outdoor pool, free private parking and a restaurant serving local indonesian dishes.
activities in the area include hiking, cycling, and skiing.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
some also feature a telephone and microwave.
some feature a private bathroom with a shower.
the nearest airport is chhatrapati shivaji international mumbai airport, 5 km from oyo apartments powai lake view.
the property offers free parking.
free private parking is available on site.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities and luggage storage.
there is also a conference room that can accommodate up 14 people, with audio-visual equipment available on request.
the distance to karpacz is 20 km.
the air-conditioned apartment features cable tv and a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
josé martí international airport is 14 km away.
a children’s play area and a ski bus stop are within 300 metres of the apartment top elena fliess.
this resort provides free shuttle services to st.
situated in antalya’s city centre, cender hotel offers rooms with a private balcony featuring panoramic views of the mediterranean sea.
activities such as hiking, skiiing and fishing can be enjoyed in the surrounding area.
the garden comes with an outdoor pool and children’s playground.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
equipped with a shower, private bathroom includes free toiletries.
a seating area and work desk are included.
the tiefe stollen visitor's mine is a 10-minute walk from the hotel restaurant vogthof.
ski lifts can be reached by car in 5 to 15 minutes.
the famous spa town of bad elster is a 10-minute drive from hotel alpenhof.
a buffet breakfast is available every morning at gästehaus oblasser.
ham rong mountain is just 100 metres from the hotel.
the a33 motorway is 5 km from the campus lounge hotel and provides a connection to bielefeld in 35 minutes.
there is also a lawn for sunbathing.
the property provides free parking.
a simple continental breakfast is available every morning.
the hotel offers a comfortable tv room with sky movies and sports, a snooker room and a separate games room with pool table.
new forest is a 20-minute drive, and offers ancient woodlands and wilderness heaths. hengistbury head, a 36 metre high sandstone headland, is 5 minutes away by car.
the ferries for bellagio depart from varenna, 7 km away.
it includes a swimming pool with hydromassage jets, a restaurant and a poolside bar.
serving a daily hot breakfast with cinnamon rolls, pancakes, and more, this greenfield, indiana hotel is 18 minutes’ drive from central indianapolis. free wi-fi access is available, and a fitness centre is on site.
each bungalow-style room here will provide you with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and a small dining table.
other facilities and services offered include a shared lounge, a tour desk, laundry and luggage storage.
a garden and a snack bar are featured.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
at 9 planets you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
a minibar, hairdryer and telephone are also available in all the rooms.
a sweet and savoury buffet-style breakfast is included at this property, which also has a shared lounge.
offering self-catering apartments, just 500 metres from the centre of rabac and the beach, apartments alma enjoy a quiet location surrounded by greenery.
são vicente is 6 km from nature inn, while são jorge is 20 km from the property.
at lubas home hostel you will find a complete kitchen, a lounge area and a beer fridge.
all rooms include a private bathroom.
this hotel enjoys an idyllic location in the jura mountains in the canton of basel-landschaft.
a breakfast buffet with fresh tropical fruits, juices and rolls is served daily.
it is a 5-minute walk from thredbo ski field and a 30-minute drive from jindabyne.
the conference rooms have a capacity of up to 300 delegates.
it provides spacious accommodation with free internet access.
spa volcánico (500 m2) is open to the public and offers 25 treatments including massages, exfoliation with volcanic ashes, facials, steam baths, roses baths, manicure, pedicure, among others, all of them provided by professional therapists.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
on-site parking is possible.
you can also request packed lunches and enjoy a wide range of different drinks at the hotel’s own bar.
featuring free wifi, haus zeitz offers pet-friendly accommodation in schönau am königssee, directly at the entrance to the berchtesgaden national park.
bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
it offers free wi-fi and apartments with air conditioning and modern furnishings.
after a long day on the ski slopes, guests can unwind in the on-site sauna area.
the apartment is provided with two cable-tvs, a dvd player and free wireless internet access.
this holiday home is 125 km from toronto pearson international airport.
dimora di mare is a 15-minute walk from san benedetto del tronto train station, while porto san giorgio is 27 km away.
an airport transfer from/to sofia international airport is available on request.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
other facilities include a tour desk and a shared kitchen where guests can cook.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
bukovel bus station is 1.3 km from altair hotel bukovel, and yaremche train station is 30 km away.
the suites and chalets at condomínio week inn campos do jordão have a balcony, a seating area with couches and a minibar.
the apartment has a bright living room.
just 10 minutes’ walk from the beach in viña del mar, vh hostales 1 offers rooms with a private bathroom, cable tv and free wi-fi. miramar metro station is just 150 metres away.
the property offers free parking.
packed lunches can be provided upon request.
guests can tour the škoda auto museum and an aviation museum 15 km from the hotel u hroznu or take a hike in český ráj, a protected nature area 5 km away.
the private bathroom is complete with a bath and a hairdryer.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
guests can work out at the fitness centre during their stay.
one of the most modern hotels on the coasts of pieria, the 4-star danai hotel offers a swimming pool with sun beds and umbrellas, internet corner and a gym & spa room.
this house features a twin and 2 double rooms, a fireplace and a living room with sofas and a tv. there are 2 full bathrooms.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
set in siem reap, 3 km from pub street, villa nanda features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking. the hotel has a year-round outdoor pool and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
feturing edgy, sleek designs, the units have wooden flooring, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and air conditioning.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can also select from 4 dining options including a poolside bar.
internet access is available in all areas.
golf, tennis, riding school, water sports, canoeing, sailing, beach volley and football are just some of the many sports you can choose from.
the guest house is located in the vivid 7th district of vienna, famous for its many shops, restaurants and galleries.
international meals are served in the olivenbaum restaurant.
featuring an outdoor pool, garden and terrace, alantha apartments is situated in a quiet street just 5 minutes from the town centre of agios nikolaos in crete.
guests enjoy free entry to swimming lake gösseldorf.
the apartments also have a fully equipped kitchen.
tours and ticketing arrangements can also be made at phoenix 74 hotel.
rimini station is 2.7 km from the hotel.
the bed and breakfast also offers car hire.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
extras include a desk.
the en-suite bathrooms come complete with a walk-in shower and free toiletries.
accommodation at city m28 is simply decorated and has heating.
en suite bathrooms offer shower facilities.
novorossiysk is 15 km from pansionat kirovets, while divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property.
this guest house provides free parking and wi-fi and is located on a 120-acre farm.
there are 2 double bedrooms and 1 twin bedroom.
dry cleaning and laundry services are available.
free private parking is on the property’s grounds.
the en suite bathroom includes a bath, hairdryer and free toiletries.
located in the dnipro city centre, this hotel features a restaurant on the 11th floor and a bar on the first floor.
towels and bed linen are provided.
it offers a connection with the italian ski resort of cervinia and can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
free private parking is available on site.
it features a tour desk and 24-hour reception.
the public outdoor pool freibad hippach is 1 km away.
several dining options can be found within 5 km.
the camino de ronda walking path can be accessed from the property.
located at the black sea beachfront in gagra, guest house on prospect ardzinba 257 offers free wifi.
this luxurious 5-star retreat offers hydro-therapy spa treatments, free on-site parking and free internet in public areas.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
it offers free wi-fi, free parking and homemade meals made from local, organic ingredients.
the accommodation also offers croquet and french boules balls.
the duplex rooms have a seating area.
hiking, fishing and several sport activities can be practised nearby.
a few minute’s walk from glasgow central station this aa 4-star hotel offers quiet, spacious, air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, leisure facilities and on-site parking.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, rose hotel offers accommodation in da lat.
the à la carte summer restaurant serves both local and international dishes in a cosy, converted stone barn.
a 24-hour front desk can assist guests with luggage storage space and laundry/ironing services.
lviv train station and st. george cathedral are 10 minutes’ drive from conference hotel suputnyk.
in the winter it is served in the dining room and in the summer in the terrace, equipped with tables and chairs.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and fridge.
this hotel offers free wifi access and guest rooms with a flat-screen tv and a desk.
it also provides local information.
a guest launderette is located on-site. free guest parking is available.
the bridal suite is designed in red and pink colours.
the restaurant also features a weekly lobster dinner.
located a 3-minute walk from galtür’s centre, apart alpenkönig offers free admission to its sauna, steam bath and the gym.
it provides free private parking.
the tyrolean-style rooms are fitted with light-wood furnishings and parquet floors.
ayvalık city centre is 11 km from the premises while edremit korfez airport is 50 km away.
all rooms are equipped with a minibar, a work desk and a private bathroom with toiletries.
the hotel is located 4 km from the tibetan enclave of mcleodganj, the seat of the dalai lama.
the beach is 60 metres away.
megève is 11 km from the property.
freedom square is 1.5 km from the kizhi city centre.
the hotel is 7.1 km from dubai marina and 12.1 km from dubai mall.
fitted with tiled flooring, each room comes with a tv and refrigerator.
there is a 24-hour front desk and shops at the property.
federico fellini international airport is 33 km away.
the historic city of cáceres, declared world heritage by unesco, is about 100 km away.
bad oeynhausen can be reached in around 25 minutes by car.
the air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with tv. the kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven.
wine tastings can be organized upon a request in the on-site wine cellar.
the on site restaurant serves a selection of local dishes.
newport municipal airport is 23 km away.
some rooms offer a private bathroom and some have access to a shared bathroom.
the property offers car rental, as well as organizes airport shuttle services at an extra charge.
the kitchen has a microwave and a toaster, as well as a kettle.
it is 3 km from the port and st. anastasia cathedral and bell tower.
the hanoi 3b homestay is situated along hang than street at the end of hanoi's old quarter.
all apartments at haus in der loferau include cable tv and have a balcony or a terrace.
rethymno town is 22 km from the property.
breakfast can be ordered from reception at a surcharge, and guests can choose from continental to traditional breakfast.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher and an oven.
horse riding is possible 500 metres away.
wi-fi is available for a fee.
holiday home mørkholtvej offers a garden, bbq facilities and a terrace.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
the property boasts views of the garden and is 1.1 km from palais des festivals de cannes.
facilities include a flat-screen tv, cd/dvd players, radio and toaster.
free private parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is zadar airport, 19 km from apartmani mare.
guests enjoy 3gb of free wifi.
these modern and spacious apartments are just 100 metres from skagen’s harbour and 1 km from skagen train station.
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service.
guests will find plenty of shops and restaurants in the village, as well as in panticosa and formigal.
the family-run hotel löwen provides spacious, brightly furnished rooms with all modern amenities.
arbatax is 13 km away.
guests can enjoy a drink in le colombier’s bar or relax in the garden, while using the wifi.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
fitted with tilted, wooden ceiling, this 3-bedroom and tastefully decorated villa of luxury in nature opens to a balcony and a patio with mediterranean sea, garden, pool and mountain views.
set on the beautiful beach of holbox island, this accommodation offers privacy within a walking distance from the town centre.
índia fountain is 2.5 km from this pet-friendly guesthouse, and serra negra hill is 10 km away.
free wi-fi is available in the property.
free toiletries and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
free private parking is available on site.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, calla hotel is situated in petaling jaya, 4.3 km from kidzania kuala lumpur.
dobranoc hostel & apartments is located in the centre of poznań, 400 metres from the old market square.
all rooms offer a flat-screen tv and a refrigerator.
paradise island hotel features a unique architecture and chic interiors, only a 30-minute drive from sabiha gokcen airport.
on site, there is also a fitness room available for guests.
free private parking is available on site.
it is centrally located across the main station of winschoten and near the sociable city centre.
offering free wifi and a barbecue, holiday park lesnaya skazka is set in barangol. free private parking is available on site.
there is a private bathroom attached.
rooms come with a balcony, flat-screen cable tv and refrigerator.
a bus stop with lines to the airport is 300 metres from the apartments bukovšek.
all rooms at hotel harburger hof include a seating area, fridge, desk telephone and satellite tv.
the 24-hour front desk can arrange laundry and luggage storage services.
the property is 2 km from kemer marina.
the dapper ́s hotel spa genuss is set in an elegant historic building.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
bolzano train station is 40 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
a shuttle service can be booked to take guests to the centre of bad elster, a 10-minute drive away.
set in pula, this air-conditioned apartment is 700 metres from pula arena. the unit is 300 metres from temple of augustus.
fenway park is 9 miles away.
rooms at regency way are comfortably furnished. all of them feature air conditioning, heating and a flat-screen cable tv. they also have a full bathroom, complete with a hairdryer, and a minibar.
all suites include seating areas with a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
austrian specialities and international cuisine are served in the restaurant of the mohnenfluh hotel.
it is less than 5 minutes’ walk to gowrie station.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including canoeing, horse riding and fishing.
open hostel fantomas is located in moscow, a 3-minute walk from chistye prudy metro station.
set in gardens, this bungalow features a well-equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and washing machine.
you can prepare meals using the accommodation’s kitchen, which is fully equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a dining area.
the restaurant serves traditional styrian cuisine. free wifi is available, and hiking trails start at the doorstep.
free public parking is located nearby.
free wifi is provided .
the hotel is 3 km from the rheinisches landesmuseum and 47 km from frankfurt-hahn airport.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
rooms at the family-run balcony house are decorated in light shades and feature tvs and work desks.
the studio with two sofa beds on the second floor will provide you with a tv and a terrace.there is a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
apartment on prospekt oktyabrya is an apartment situated in ufa, 2.8 km from russian drama theatre. the apartment is 10 km from intercession cathedral.
biarritz - anglet - bayonne airport is located 4 km away.
it features barbecue facilities and is within 500 metres of the town’s shops, bars and restaurants.
towels and toiletries are available.
there are 4 independent bedrooms and the bathrooms include the towels.
the hotel is surrounded by medieval streets, wine bars, restaurants and its own green park.
every room features a balcony with panoramic views of the dolomites. each one features an lcd tv and laptop-sized safe.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, aspet is situated in tatʼev.
holiday home fløden is located in nørager and can accommodate up to eight people.
the hotel is 2 km from siam bts station and 22.5 km from don muang airport.
the raval barceló is only a 5-minute walk from the macba modern art gallery.
parking is free.
nazaré is a 12-minute drive from the spacious house and features renowned beaches.
guests can enjoy traditional cuisine in the auberge de la brévenne restaurant.
at ramcons residency majorda you will find a garden and a terrace.
an extensive breakfast including fresh breads, jams and coffee is served in the b&b’s lounge every morning.
the pool bar offers a range of refreshing drinks made with exotic fruits.
grand manor motor inn offers accommodation with a tv and refrigerator just 8 km from canberra airport.
iacob residence is 12 km from the fortified citadel of rasnov and 22 km from the bran castle.
this holiday home offers a furnished terrace with mountain and sea views.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a seating area.
located in alushta, prokhlada features free wifi.
guests can enjoy drinks outside on the terrace.
avenue’s il pinzimonio restaurant is located opposite the hotel and offers à la carte menus of italian and mediterranean cuisine.
airport shuttle services are arranged at an additional fee.
this hotel in dresden is 1.4 km from klotzsche airport and the klotzsche business park.
parking is free at the mercure hotel airport münchen aufkirchen, and munich city centre is just a 35-minute drive away.
the air-conditioned unit is 37 km from split and provides views of the cetina river canyon.
the hotel has a 9-hole golf course, along with a putting green and a driving range.
all units are air conditioned and include a seating and/or dining area, equipped with a flat-screen tv.
free covered or outdoor parking is available.
every room has a private bathroom with a bidet and shower, with a hairdryer provided.
lone star executive airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
you can find a restaurant 1 km from the grain bauernhof, while a supermarket is 5 km away.
located close to the bund in downtown shanghai, starway hotel chuangye the bund shanghai is just 2 km from the people’s square.
guest house lovcen is located in cetinje.
there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a toaster. a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine.
the house is distributed over the ground floor, featuring a sun terrace with views of puig de maría mountain, barbecue facilities and a garden with olive trees.
in approximately 20-minute drive by car is the congress centre, while by bus it will take around 35 minutes.
special milk and herbal baths can be requested on spot, and during winter guests can enjoy hot baths in a wooden tub in the garden.
guests can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer.
at villa nokna, arrangements can be made for grocery deliveries, bicycle rental and an airport shuttle.
church of the savior on spilled blood is 2.3 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
the property offers free parking.
the distance to telavi is 96 km, and tbilisi international airport is 176 km from tlt omalo.
relax in the sauna and treat yourself to a buffet breakfast and regional cuisine at the restaurant.
the apartment comes with a well-equipped kitchen.
tianjin railway station is a 20-minute drive away.
arthaus anna b&b is 7 minutes’ walk from dolina roz park.
they can also make use of the communal kitchen to prepare their own meal.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
this apartment comes with 2 bathrooms and can accommodate up to 7 guests.
for a light snack or a drink, there is also a bar.
the apartments also provide a seating area, a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher, and a private bathroom with shower or bath tub and bathrobes.
a refrigerator is included in all guest rooms at premier inns thousand oaks.
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
the nearest airport is lanzarote airport, 19 km from the property.
the bathrooms provide a hairdryer.
saint sophia cathedral, songhuajiang river and people flood control success memorial tower are a 3-minute walk away.
cycling trails and a natural outdoor swimming pool are 800 metres from the im garten 9.
the rooms are elegantly decorated with period furnishings and have wrought-iron beds.
free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
the property offers free parking.
gorey harbour offers pleasure boats and a variety of watersports can be enjoyed on the sandy grouville bay.
with a picturesque location in the hills of caerano di san marco, col delle rane is an 18th-century country house offering a large garden with swimming pool and table tennis.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and fishing.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
shuttles to the gala yuzawa ski field stop right in front of the ryokan.
guests will also find restaurants serving local and international cuisine within a 5-minute walk.
bell street apartments are 10 minutes' walk from zeally bay. it is 10 minutes' drive from bells beach.
situated in beuzeville, 1 km from the a13 motorway and 16 km from honfleur, this property features a big garden, barbecue facilities and a furnished terrace.
rooms have free wi-fi, free mineral water, a tv and an en suite bathroom.
it offers elegant rooms decorated with precious fabrics, marble, and mosaics.
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchen available.
the murru's spacious rooms have en suite facilities, tv and air conditioning.
grand opera house is 700 metres from flat 7 bluebridge, while bettys cafe tea rooms is 1.1 km from the property.
rooms at netuno guest house provide a tv and a wardrobe, plus bed linens and bath towels. the private bathroom includes a shower.
bendigo gateway motel offers ground floor rooms with air conditioning, electric blankets, flat-screen tv and a minibar. it is located only 10 minutes’ drive from the heart of bendigo.
some rooms boast a balcony.
featuring air conditioning, elia sun villas is set in elia beach, 6 km from mýkonos city.
the air-conditioned apartment at the menada comes with a private bathroom with a shower, a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a fully equipped kitchenette.
all guestrooms feature balconies and are equipped with air conditioning, cable tvs and free internet access.
the rooms and cottages have a private entrance, ceiling fan and seating area.
accommodation for disabled guests is available.
this property offers a selection of restaurants and bars on site, including "the sun deck", which offers stunning views of the ski tracks.
guests may enjoy the city views with canton tower in the room.
the port of piraeus is accessible by ferry within less than 2 hours.
at hotel kent studyo you will find a 24-hour front desk, providing daily maid service.
located in arkhangelsk, this apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 400 metres from trud stadium.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
it provides a fully equipped shared kitchen, a tv lounge and a garden.
free wi-fi is available.
amenities include a private balcony, a minibar and a sofa seating area.
offering rooms and suites with free wi-fi, augustos hotel is located in the shopping heart of thessaloniki. close to both business and cultural activities, it is 800 metres from aristotelous square.
slippers and free toiletries are provided in the private or shared bathroom.
set in santa maria al bagno and a 15-minute walk from the seafront, kale' polis apartments is a self-catering accommodation with tv, air conditioning and a washing machine.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
there is also a fitness centre and daily housekeeping is available for free.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave, a refrigerator and an oven with hob.
a covered parking is available on site, at extra charge.
most have a balcony.
free public parking is available on site.
the mukammal is a 15-minute walk from astana’s opera and ballet theatre.
the restaurant serves home-made dishes and offers a wide selection of somontano wines.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free private parking is available on site.
this converted farmhouse provides free parking and is 9 km from fabriano.
each room includes a tv and a private bathroom with shower.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
free wi-fi access is available in public areas.
luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
there is a local shuttle bus service which you can take to the cliffs.
yaremche is 11 km from usadba tatarchik, while vorokhta is 7 km away.
cooled by a fan, the bungalow is fitted with a simple kitchen, seating area and a private terrace overlooking the greenery.
boasting natural hot spring baths both indoor and open-air, shogetsu offers luxurious japanese-style accommodation overlooking gero hot spring town.
beyaz kugu evleri is located in izmir and offers self-catering accommodation.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
there is a shared kitchen and shops at the property.
you can enjoy pool and garden views from the rooms.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared at the property. services like laundry and dry cleaning are provided.
each room comes with a minibar.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are included.
the town’s seafront promenade is less than 100 metres away.
buffet breakfast is served on a porch surrounded by plants.
guests can borrow bicycles for free on site and explore the area at their own convenience.
a dining area and a washing machine are also provided. private bathrooms come with a bath.
laundry and fax/photocopy services are available at the front desk.
the air-conditioned rooms are simply furnished and feature a tv and safety deposit box, some also have a sea-view balcony.
there is an outdoor dining area for guests to enjoy.
packed lunches and grocery delivery are provided upon request.
an organic food and drinks menu awaits guests at chill porch cuisine.
classic-style rooms come with air conditioning, and free wifi is available throughout.
with garden views, each room comes with basic furnishings including a wardrobe and tiled floor.
the salam has 2 restaurants – one serves international cuisine and the other offers moroccan specialities.
offering clean and comfortable rooms in an ideal location, the hotel provides free wi-fi.
husein sastranegara airport is 5 km away.
within 1 km, guests can find restaurants and bars.
bed linen is available.
located 280 metres from bangna bts skytrain station, baan mai guest house offers cosy accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi.
private bathroom comes with free toiletries, bathrobe and a hairdryer.
serving thai and international delights, the restaurant allows guests to dine with the company of panoramic sea views.
bed linen is provided.
trine university is 5.3 miles away.
luxury fashion suites is only 400 metres from rome’s piazza di spagna and spagna metro station.
an array of activities is offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
it is 17 km from the city of ruffec and 8 km from the local lake where you can fish.
return to the hotel in the evening to freshen up, and then head down to the restaurant for your evening meal.
placed in the heart of melaka, pasir mutiara is a 10-minute drive to mahkota parade shopping mall and a 9-minute drive to the popular jonker street which houses a variety of shopping and dining options.
centrally located in milan, hotel astrid is 300 metres from the loreto metro station and less than a 20-minute walk from milan central station.
phuket international airport is approximately 90 km away.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
in the heart of freeport village, maine, within walking distance of over 100 shops, this hotel offers on-site dining options and guestrooms with free wireless internet access.
the kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
located in biggera waters suburb, treasure island resort features diverse water sports facilities such as an expansive pool with a waterslide and a large lagoon pool with a waterfall.
a 24-hour reception greets guests of super 8 wendover. a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available.
within a 10-minute drive, restaurants can be found.
a 24-hour room service is available.
the closest restaurant is just 10 metres away, while a café and a grocery shop can be reached in a few steps.
estes park is 40 minutes’ drive from the motel.
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from all the rooms.
it is a 90-minute drive from both rotorua and hamilton international airport.
a rich buffet breakfast and regional meals are served in the schreiner’s warmly decorated, bavarian-style restaurant.
you can enjoy sea view from the room.
accepting only citizens from hong kong, macau,taiwan and asia, hippo park youth hostel is located in the heart of lanzhou. the city zoo is located only steps away.
located in the centre of ayvalik, ayvalik palas hotel is just a few steps from the sea.
it offers accommodation with a free internet connection and both cable and satellite tv.
saarbrücken town centre and the saarbrücken zoo and botanical gardens are a 5-minute drive away.
centrally located in rome nobilcasa suites is a 2-minute walk from lepanto metro station and 700 metres from the vatican city.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the multilingual staff can help rent bicycles and to organise excursions in venice, verona and other destinations.
the guest rooms at hotel la bergerie open onto a private balcony with a view of the mountains.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
rooms are fitted with a tv.
located steps from many cape cod beaches, this inn boasts a heated outdoor pool, rooms with cable tv and free wi-fi in the breakfast room.
box-spring beds, free bathroom toiletries and a work desk are standard for each room.
the lemon flat is located in trapani, just a 5-minute walk from the coast and its beaches.
apartments also come with an equipped kitchen.
the property is 120 metres from stedelijk museum zwolle.
the apartment features a fully equipped kitchenette, living room and 2 bathrooms with shower.
private bathroom provides a shower, while the terrace is fitted with a table and chairs.
beautiful view of haihe river and whole city can be enjoyed from the room window.
a restaurant is available.
towels and bed linen are offered at boutique apartman.
the spacious 11th-floor indoor hot-spring bath offers beautiful views of hakodate.
facilities and services like laundry, car hire, tour arrangements, massages, and free shuttle to banyuwangi railway station and ketapang ferry harbour can be organised by the friendly staff at the 24-hour front desk.
some rooms include a private bathroom with a hot tub, while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer.
the en-suite bathroom comes with a shower.
free wifi access is available.
located on the main road leading from kakopetria to troodos, chrysanthis suites offers a bar and restaurant serving fresh trout.
the resort offers an extensive play area for children.
it features a sea view, an lcd tv and an equipped kitchen.
situated on the coast of aegean sea and under the mount olympus, villa kolona offers outdoor pool in leptokaryes, in pieria.
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
guests have a shared lounge at their disposal where they can relax and socialize.
fresh seafood dishes and refreshing beverages are also available.
all rooms feature a private bathroom and massive wooden furniture. free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can also relax in the shared lounge room with satellite tv.
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, fridge and coffee machine.
tie dao hotel is situated a 15-minute walk from fort provintia and the confucian temple.
christian francis' sapphire suite penthouse 09 offers oceanfront views.
situated in melbourne, 5 minutes' walk from st kilda beach, st kilda hostel features free private parking and free breakfast.
the nearest airport is frankfurt airport, 46 km from the property.
private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
the grand bellacqua spa features a finnish sauna, steam sauna and solarium.
the beach of platanias is well catered by beachfront bars and café-restaurants.
the rooms have air conditioning, an lcd tv, a work desk, and a small seating area.
a private bathroom with a shower is available in the master bedroom.
villa mazur comprises of 2 restaurants and a vaulted wine cellar.the staff can help you organise activities and excursions, including horse-riding and sleigh rides.
casa rural la viña is located in the la rioja region, famous for its wines.
located in london, just 2 minutes’ walk from bayswater tube station, queens hotel features free wifi available throughout, just 5 minutes’ walk from hyde park and kensington palace and gardens.
a hot tub and a furnished patio are available in this self-contained accommodation.
free parking is available at the property.
the mushroom restaurant serves breakfast from 08:00 - 11:00 hrs and dinner from 18:00 - 22:00 hrs.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and horse riding.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle.
guests benefit from terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
located in antalya, utku rooms & houses antalya has a garden and an outdoor pool. free wifi access is available throughout the premises.
there is also a table tennis.
some have a balcony with city views.
bright and warmly furnished, rooms at glencree are individually designed and feature en suite bath or shower rooms with free toiletries and a hairdryer. a flat-screen tv is featured in every room, along with tea and coffee-making facilities.
the reception desk works 24 hours a day.
a 5-minute drive to boulevard shopping complex, precious guest house is a 10-minute drive to miri heritage centre and canada hill.
the rooms come with a seating area and a flat-screen tv. every room has a minibar and a bathroom with toiletries.
every room has a shared bathroom with a hot tub and bath, with bathrobes provided.
located in the centre of lourdes, this 3-star hotel was built at the beginning of the 20th century.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the hotel.
brazos bend state park is 18 miles away.
central aliados avenue is 1.4 km away, while the clérigos tower 1.6 km away. dom luis i bridge is 1.6 km away and is next to ribeira and the port wine cellars.
this self-catering apartment offers free wifi and a living room with wooden floors and a flat-screen tv.
guests staying 7 nights or more enjoy free use of 1 parasol and 2 sun loungers at the beach.
guests are invited to a tropical and extensive buffet breakfast with fresh fruits, juices, cereals and homemade breads.
breakfast is served here in the summer months.
helsinki central station is about 15 minutes’ walk away while hietaniemi beach is 1 km away.
a children’s playground is offered for young guests, and billiards are available for adults’ entertainment.
the apartments are a 2-minute walk from sagrada familia metro station and 20 minutes’ walk from passeig de gràcia boulevard.
the mh tiptop landhotel hütter offers guests free parking and complimentary internet access.
pernoca hotel comprises a bar and a shared lounge.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv. featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests enjoy free use of the hotel's infrared sauna.
located just 2 km away from the vagator beach, orritel village square features an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant. guests can enjoy poolside views from the comfort of their rooms.
towels, linen and free toiletries are provided, as well.
it is a 15-minute drive from sanya railway station.
the fish market is 500 metres from the apartment.
many dining places can be found nearby.
the hotel can arrange on-site private parking.
free parking is available on site.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are also available.
maastricht-aachen airport is 5 km away from the hotel.
the elegant bathrooms are stocked with a shower, while free toiletries are also offered.
flic-en flac beach offers water skiing and diving opportunities.
perugia is less than 5 km from the property.
all rooms feature en suite shower rooms, tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv. some units have a terrace and/or balcony. there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven.
you will find a choice of shops and restaurants in the shopping arcade.
casa do progo is located in the lush landscape of ponte de lima, 9 km from the village centre.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the kitchen includes a microwave and an oven, while the bathroom comes with a shower.
the kazan kremlin can be reached in 5 minutes by foot.
all rooms are simply decorated and come with air conditioning, a fan and a tv with satellite channels.
some includes a living room and kitchen complete with stove.
hiking maps are provided.
there is also a sauna.
late check-out is available for an extra charge. wifi is available in rooms for a supplement.
it offers 2 swimming pools, a selection of sports facilities and entertainment for all ages.
it offers varied breakfast every morning and specialises in traditional polish cuisine.
located on guadeloupe’s beautiful caribbean coast in le gosier, this resort offers an outdoor swimming pool and a children ́s paddling pool, on-site activities and entertainment. it features free wi-fi throughout.
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
free wifi is available throughout the resort.
set in prague, 350 metres from skalka metro stop, apartment with terrace in prague features a garden, barbecue, and sun terrace.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, hiking and windsurfing and côte d'azur airport is located 28 km from the property.
located within a walking distance to gumbet beach, jarra hotel offers an outdoor pool and free wi-fi. it has air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv and balcony.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can provide tourist information about the area.
all units have parquet flooring, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a comfortable sofa, which can be transformed to a bed.
it also features an outdoor swimming pool and terrace.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
the air-conditioned rooms include parquet floors, satellite tv and minibar.
it offers self-catering cottages, a shared terrace with outdoor furniture and bbq facilities.
this resort is comprised of 2 en suite tented camps and offers full board, inclusive of all meals and activities. see the african bush and it’s diverse wildlife during the game drives in open air vehicles and guided walks, all supervised by qualified and experienced guides and trackers.
in summer, meals can be enjoyed at the spacious outdoor terrace.
the hotel also provides luggage storage and each room have their own garage for free.
incheon international airport is an 80-minute drive away.
their en suite bathrooms are fitted with shower facilities.
guests can enjoy sunbathing on lokrum island, riding the cable car or strolling along the historic walls.
free private parking is available on site.
it is just 200 metres from the nearest supermarket and restaurants.
the rooms of the lefkara hotel & restaurant are equipped with free wi-fi and tvs.
conveniently located 100 metres from clínicas metro station and 10 minutes’ walk from paulista avenue, pousada viana offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi.
in summer, outdoor table tennis is also available.
bathrooms feature a shower or a bathtub.
some come with a balcony.
guests can also request for their ironing to be done.
pinto martins airport is located 7 km away.
with a 24-hour front desk, this hotel is 120 metres from gare du nord metro station.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
harrisburg city centre is 12 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
the ample bathrooms include both a bathtub and shower facilities.
the property offers free parking.
there is also an elegant banquet hall, several meeting rooms and a business centre available for guests’ convenience.
all rooms offer mountain views, and some also overlook the river.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
a desk, seating area and a flat-screen tv are a standard across all units, which also offer garden views and freshly laundered towels.
it features a fully equipped shared kitchen, and warsaw main station is a 5-minute walk away.
it offers stylish rooms with free wi-fi, flat-screen satellite tv and canal + and a private bathroom.
a terrace or balcony with are featured in certain rooms.
it features an indoor heated pool, spa and 4 dining options.
evening meals can be provided upon request and at an additional cost.
free wi-fi is included in all rooms.
bayreuth is a 30-minute drive from hotel zum waffenschmied, and there is free private parking.
it features a punjabi restaurant and free wi-fi.
the town of bolsena is located 1.5 km from the property.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
located a 15-minute walk from tsentalny rynok metro station in kharkov, mini hotel na kotlova offers free wifi.
free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first come, first served basis.
bielefeld city centre is a 10-minute train ride from the parkhotel.
extras include shared barbecue facilities and a terrace.
saybrook point inn is home to the 4-diamond restaurant, fresh salt, which features views of the waterfront and american cuisine.
wadi rum bedouin camp also includes a children's playground. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
barbecue facilities are offered, and grocery deliveries are offered at a surcharge.
lorient train station is 2.5 km away, and the hosts can organise a free shuttle bus to the train station.
the inishowen peninsula and malin head area feature numerous scenic walks, and horse-riding and kayaking can be arranged through the hotel.
a cable tv is featured in each air-conditioned guest room at town chalet motel.
overlooking the costa brava headland of cap roig, silken park san jorge offers direct access to bella dona and cap roig coves.
the restaurant features an all-you-can-eat buffet with regional dishes.
there is a souvenir shop on site and plenty of shops can also be found within walking distance.
the nearest airport is florence airport, 24 km from villa in greve iii.
each comes with a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace or balcony with view.
a 32" satellite led tv, orthopedic mattresses, hairdryer and iron are also included.
the fleur de lys hotel is situated a 15-minute car drive from historic bruges.
the centre of zakopane is 10 minutes’ walk away.
trone metro stop is 650 metres away and provides direct connections to brussels midi and central train station.
a daily continental breakfast is served at the longview super 8. it includes cereal, toast, fruit, and beverages.
guests can relax on the patio or in the entertainment area which both boast views of the indian ocean.
guests of the quality inn & suites will enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool and hot tub.
set in a beautiful park, this guest house is 800 metres from véu de noiva waterfall.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
free internet access is available in public areas.
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it features various sports courts, an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and fitness facilities and a restaurant.
different saunas and a steam bath can be used free of charge.
this property includes free parking and bbq facilities.
bali hai pier marina is less than 2 km away.
they are heated and the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer, bathrobe and amenities.
ara iru restaurant serves international dishes and seafood specialities. wines and liquors can be enjoyed at sand bar.
room service, tour desk and laundry, as well as ironing, currency exchange and car rental are available on site.
some are located just a 5-minute walk from diocletian’s palace.
there is a fully equipped kitchen, a living room with tv and an outdoor dining area.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and a dishwasher.
trogir green market can be reached within 4.1 km as well as park eks fanfogna. split airport is located 3 km away.
porto mare features an extensive tropical garden on the atlantic oceanfront.
this well-appointed apartment enjoys an open floor plan with a dining area and a seating area. it features a flat-screen tv with dvd player, cd player, and a terrace with garden and mountain views.
towan beach holiday flat also features a dining area and a fully fitted kitchen with an oven, fridge, microwave, and a toaster.
local and international dishes are served at the hotel’s indulge restaurant.
private on-site parking is available free of charge.
aviemore apartment is a 4-minute drive from jindabyne town centre.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning and a tv.
royal suits & towers is 33 minutes' drive from wuhan tianhe international airport and 24 minutes' drive from wuhan railway station.
the berezina river is a 15-minute walk away, and minsk national airport is 72.3 km from bivak usadba club.
a washing machine and air conditioning are included.
free wifi is available, and hiking and cycling trails, as well as a cross-country ski run, start right outside.
this 250-hectaure, entirely pedestrian, eco-resort offers fully-equipped houses and 2-bedroom apartments with flat-screen tvs and coffee machines.
you can enjoy your breakfast at the time of your choice during the day.
the hotel is 7 km from insuyu cave and 5 km from burdur lake.
it is close to the small lake in fiesa, and a 1 km long promenade connects the property with the historic town of piran.
bed linen and towels are provided.
hotel el marqués offers modern accommodations with free w-fi on the atacames beachfront, 45 minutes drive from general rivadenerira airport.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, kakos is set in saratov, 200 metres from museum-estate of chernyshevsky. lipki park is 600 metres from the property.
a sweet italian-style breakfast is served daily.
the two-bedroom accommodation will provide a cable tv, free wifi and a dvd player.
offering a large furnished terrace, the apartment comes equipped with a kitchen, dining area and washing machine.
the on-site market provides a selection of snacks and drinks and is open 24/7.
the common garden is a nice place to relax on sunny days, while strøget shopping street is less than 5 minutes’ walk away.
free parking is available on site.
the chalets and mobile homes at frédéric mistral are set amongst shady trees.
the town center is located 400 metres from the property.
meals can be ordered through room service.
it offers free wi-fi and free on-site parking.
apartamenty sun&snow kościelisko residence is located in kościelisko and offers a mountain view.
displaying warm orange-coloured walls, decorative tapestries and rustic décor touches, the rooms feature practical amenities.
sea is a villa featuring a garden with a barbecue, set in bigauņciems.
offering a daily western breakfast, the restaurant serves a variety of western and thai dishes.
restaurants and bars, including a regional one, can be reached within a 10 minutes’ drive.
set in kemer, in a tropical garden with palm trees, selimhan hotel is just 6 km from goynuk.
some apartments have their own private swimming pool and garden.
hotel il cortile is a family-run hotel in the sicilian village of custonaci.
bourges train station is 1.7 km away.
there is a large dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.
a flat-screen tv and a telephone feature in each room, and some rooms offer views of the interior garden. all of the rooms have a classic décor.
the property is 2 km from palais des festivals de cannes and 1.4 km from notre dame d'esperance church.
some rooms offer sea views.
underground parking is available on request.
minsk national airport is 38 km from the property.
bethsaida hermitage is 400 metres from prakriti ayurvedic home stay, while padmanabhapuram palace, kovalam is 400 metres from the property.
the living room features a seating area with a flat-screen tv while the private shower includes a shower and hairdryer.
the award-winning terrace restaurant features floor-to-ceiling windows, ensuring every seat has a view.
witt istanbul's public spaces are limited to a cosy lobby bar, where guests can pick out a book or dvd, or use the apple imac to check their emails and surf the web.
free wifi access is available.
a shared kitchen and lounge area are available.
rooms at the scandic hamburg emporio are inspired by the theme of water, and offer natural wooden furnishings and large windows.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a 32-inch flat-screen tv, a seating area and a minibar.
offering a restaurant, landgasthof lindenhof is located in steingaden.
bicycle storage is available.
akranes rooms is located in akranes, west iceland, 42 km from reykjavík.
marbella is 59 km from the property.
azia hotel offers free wi-fi, a sauna and elevator access to all simply furnished apartments and rooms.
boasting recently remodeled facilities, hotel república offers free wi-fi and parking only 100 metres from plaza independencia. there is a restaurant that serves regional and international dishes.
it consists of both sweet and savoury food.
morsum train station is just a 2-minute walk away from the hotel.
from the villa milica's 200 m2 rooftop terrace you can enjoy panoramic views over the boka bay and the mountains in the distance.
an en suite bathroom with a bidet is also included.
there is also an electric kettle.
the property is located only a 30-minute drive away from the city of basel.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the accommodation is fitted with a seating area.
the property features 18th-century frescoes and antique furnishings throughout.
the rooms feature a working area, electric kettle, fridge and flat-screen tv with cable channels.
there is also a gym and beauty salon.
the antique furnitures and soft lighting add traditional charm to all guestrooms.
the hotel provides malaysian cooking lessons using traditional family recipes at an extra charge (subject to chef’s availability).
the hotel offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi-fi.
half board can be booked at the restaurant.
you will find a tour desk at the property.
some offer city views.
it features rooms with a balcony, a restaurant, and free parking. free wifi is available throughout the property.
tver central train station is 4 km from apartments on afanasiya nikitina.
meals can also be enjoyed on the terrace.
taverns and mini markets are within a 3-minute walk.
the upper largo restaurant offers steaks, curries, burgers, as well as highland dishes including venison steak and haggis mash, and east neuk fish and chips.
meals are served in the dining room or on the covered terrace, which is heated in winter.
some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
the unit is 2.3 km from amfibius water park.
typical sicilian dishes are served at the restaurant.
torrelavega’s plaza mayor is just over 1 km from the hotel and the town’s train and bus station is a 5-minute drive away.
this hotel is located above hansa shopping centre on yliopistonkatu pedestrian shopping street, less than 10 minutes’ walk from the turku train station.
the hitachitaga route-inn has a bright and comfortable lobby lounge, and it houses a launderette and drinks vending machines.
all rooms include colourful decor and light wood furnishings.
guest house serene is 13 km from suratthani train station and 15 km from thasaton hot spring. suratthani airport is 28 km away. suratthani town is 4 km away.
there are two common kitchens that include all the necessary kitchenware, as well as a stove, a refrigerator and a microwave.
the on-site restaurant serves various georgian home-style dishes.
baza otdykha gorod n features free wifi throughout the property.
each room at hotel star is decorated in a simple style and includes a tv.
a shower is provided in the bathroom.
boasting 20 private hectares and at the shores of futaleufu river, andyna home of fishermen offers a sole bungalow with a private balcony overlooking the river,.
offering free wifi, @buasri by ohm is located in patong.
free private parking is possible on site.
cecina is 32 km away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
guests can enjoy a continental breakfast each morning at this inn.
select rooms offer access to a balcony or veranda.
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for hiking.
laundry service is provided as well.
set directly at the shore of lake geneva in the village of rolle, the bed & breakfast le courtil is surrounded by a lush park area and features quiet rooms with lake or garden views and free wifi.
landhaus ribbeck features individually decorated rooms and suites with handmade bed frames, solid wooden furniture and traditional french fabrics.
guests can prepare their own meals at appartement créqui.
apartments also have a balcony overlooking the street.
situated in batumi, a 10-minute walk from the black sea beach, premium residence offers a lounge area, free wifi and free private parking.
room guests can prepare meals in the shared kitchen.
basic rooms in pondok malabar come with a desk, wardrobe and a flat-screen satellite tv, while some rooms are spacious and feature a seating area.
the property is ideally located for bush-walking and hiking.
modern accommodation at fraser suites offer a balcony and plenty of natural light.
each also includes a stylish bathroom with modern amenities, including a shower and laundry machine.
palm grove hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the old coast guard station museum.
set in curtea de arges within 500 metres from the old city centre and the st.
towels are provided.
each apartment features a balcony, separate living room and ding area.
during summer, you can hire canoes and rowing boats, as well as trying jet skiing and body boarding.
the bright rooms at the sun & earth villa are decorated with tiled floors and wooden furniture.
mini camping 't zeeuws knoopje is located in aagtekerke and it has free wifi access available in this farm stay.
fresno yosemite international airport is 13 minutes’ drive from doubletree by hilton fresno convention center.
located in the village of nyaung shwe, thanakha inle hotel offers modern air conditioned rooms with free wifi.
there is also a dining table.
some rooms have a bath.
bed linen is offered.
located 90 metres from the cornelia metro station and 3 km from st. peter's basilica in vatican city, cornelia house offers air-conditioned accommodation in rome. the apartment is 3 km from the vatican museums.
the staff can help you to arrange meetings, a trip to the dead sea, jerash, wadi rum, aqaba, petra, or any other attraction in jordan.
angelic apartments is set a 10-minute walk from the historic centre of dubrovnik and 250 metres from banje, the town’s most popular beach.
the en suite bathroom comes with bath and shower facilities, toiletries and a hairdryer.
parque arauco mall is a 20-minute walk from the property, while arturo merino benitez airport is 21 km away.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
enjoy views across the resort in comfort from the lima’s rooftop terrace.
various walking and cycling routes run past the house. the routes run through the beautiful local national park and around the 1100 metres high brocken.
at chalet 19 by mammoth mountain chalets you will find barbecue facilities. other facilities offered at the property include ski storage.
overlooking meredith bay, this restored 19th-century linen mill combines old-world charm with modern amenities including free wi-fi.
a 24-hour front desk will be happy to assist with car rental services and luggage storage.
inside, the hotel has been extensively modernised, offering chic, contemporary accommodation and modern services, comfort and facilities.
there is a dining area at apartment aleksandra čaka 65 and a fully equipped kitchen provides all the amenities needed to make a meal.
located 6 km from batalha golf course, solar do conde guest house is 14 km from são miguel island’s ponta delgada airport.
it takes around 20 minutes by car to wusu international airport.
at hotel lakend you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
it has a large garden with decking and offers free wi-fi.
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries.
there is a 24-hour front desk at this non-smoking property, free wifi is available throughout the property and on-site parking is also offered.
a breakfast buffet is served each morning in the adjoining hotel, and there is also an à la carte restaurant.
free wi-fi is available.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation and free wi-fi throughout the premises.
caminho da praia street, its bars, restaurants and shops, are 150 metres away, and primeira praia beach is 350 metres from the property.
it is 14 km from the port of samos.
ærenspris 44 has a well-equipped kitchen including a fridge/freeze, an oven and a coffee machine.
haddington golf course can be reached in less than 10 minutes on foot.
adjacent to the private hot tub rests a terrace with lounge chairs at casa de four points.
the apartment provides a living room with a flat-screen cable tv.
the inn also offers free use of bicycles.
you can walk to playa blanca beach in 20 minutes, where you will find a selection of restaurants.
all bungalows have an open plan lounge and kitchen area.
ironing and laundry services can be arranged by the 24-hour front desk.
a continental breakfast is available daily and can be brought to the comfort of your room.
the building and the garage are monitored 24 hours a day.
the private bathrooms include a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the port dickson ostrich farm and port dickson mini zoo are about a 10-minute drive away, while the tanjung tuan forest reserve is a 15-minute drive away.
the nearby city of leiria is just 26 km away. lisbon international airport is 1 hour drive away. the sierra de aire e candeeiros natural park is just 10 km away.
the maharana pratap international airport is 181 km.
each room comes with a private bathroom.
at appartamento chianurre you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
all travel related arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
it provides an ideal base for exploring the picturesque bavarian countryside.
featuring parquet floors, the rooms of euroistanbul hotel include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
secure ski and sports equipment storage areas and parking places are available free of charge.
all rooms comprise satellite tv and hardwood floors. a private bathroom with free toiletries and a shower or a bathtub is provided.
kassandra bay village is just 800 metres kriopigi village.
the apartments of ferienwohnungen rieder include 2 bedrooms, a kitchenette, a private bathroom, free wi-fi, a seating area with a flat-screen satellite tv and a terrace overlooking the surrounding mountains.
belgrade and belgrade airport are 65 km away.
edens sea view restaurant serves indian, continental and italian cuisines.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
located 24 km from split, apartments anto offers accommodation in tice.
featuring a hairdryer, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
the property offers free parking.
each apartment is additionally fitted with a kitchenette and dining area.
a hot breakfast is provided at the prikamie.
an american buffet breakfast is provided daily. it is served in a local restaurant in the square.
the family-run hotel zum timpen offers comfortable rooms in the town of ladbergen, just a 10-minute drive from münster-osnabrück airport.
there is a bar and a buffet restaurant.
guests can prepare their own meals in the communal kitchen and enjoy a choice of refreshments from the bar.
the centre of abbeyfeale is a 3-minute walk, and the town has many pubs and restaurants to visit.
gite loiselle offers accommodation in the historical centre of trois-rivières, a few minutes's walk from the saint-lawrence river.
some suites offer a private kitchenette.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
room service is available.
each house comes with a well-equipped kitchen and a 4-seater dining table.
it is a 30-minute train ride from osaka castle and universal studios japan.
the suite and villa include a fully equipped kitchenette.
located in yekaterinburg’s city centre, this hotel has free wifi and free private parking.
the stylish bar is also a great place to relax.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv.
san francesco a ripa is 800 metres from trastevere trilussa loft, while piazza navona is 900 metres from the property.
im aeschi park (rubenov) features 2 bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room with cable tv and a dvd player, and a bathroom. a ski storage room is available.
il cucù is located in the centre of frascati, a 5-minute walk from the train station.
it offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
the nearest beach is 2 km away.
tours loire valley airport is 49 km away.
2.5 km from the centre of willingen, the waldhaus am see provides spacious rooms with flat-screen tvs and safety deposit boxes.
it is a 15-minute train ride from the traditional craft gallery at nahashi dento kogeikan and a 20-minute drive from naha airport.
zarzis airport is 18 km away.
the mahogany manor guest family room contains a tv with cable channels and a vcr.
guests at the hill guesthouse can utilize the public lounge equipped with a kitchen and dining area.
rooms here come with a tv and include a private bathroom with a shower.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
verona arena is 2 km away.
there is a 24-hour front desk, a shared kitchen, gift shop, and shops at the property.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
guests can benefit from the convenient 24-hour front desk service hyundai residence provides.
guests at camps bay villa squisiti can relax and enjoy a refreshing swim at the pool and camps bay beach is a 5-minute drive away.
the holiday homes offer a private entrance, terrace, seating area, cable tv and sauna. the bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and washing machine.
all dormitories are air-conditioned and come with linens and an internal shared bathroom.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with a projector tv, a tour desk, and luggage storage.
some rooms offer views of the garden.
the restaurant menu features a wide choice of traditional british dishes, as well as continental-style sharing platters, light meals and daily specials.
towels are featured.
every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
featuring a hot-water shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
cambridge is 3.8 km from the property.
the well-kown city beach bačvice is about 2 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
the apartments will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a terrace. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is available in each bedroom.
it offers free wi-fi and private parking.
each includes a flat-screen tv, while some have a living room.
located in mer, just a 15-minute drive from chambord castle, les abris du château offers an outdoor swimming pool, garden and sun terrace. the loire river is only 4.4 km away.
benefit from free private parking facilities.
thalassa is just 300 metre from sairee beach and 1 km from mae haad pier.
the hotel is set on the costa dorada, just 10 minutes’ drive from historic tarragona.
just a few steps from the beach, hotel harmony is in rimini, a 15-minute walk from the city centre and 3 km from the exhibition centre.
enjoy free use of the hotel's gym, indoor pool, saunas and whirlpool.
in addition guests can visit the various restaurants within walking range and taste the local gastronomy.
situated in weiden am see, 1 km from lake neusiedl, markt 67 is a stylish holiday home fitted with austrian design furniture.
guests can find restaurants and cafes within 500 metres of apartamentos turísticos in di town.
the guesthouse offers a free ticket to serra negra's cable car.
breakfast and pre-dinner provisions will be provided during your stay.
guests are invited at ferienwohnungen haus erli to prepare their own home-cooked meals.
rhyl water park is an 11-minute drive from prestatyn, and the great orme mines are a 45-minute drive away.
zacatecas’ tourist bus stops 20 metres from the hotel, and the city’s museum is 5 minutes’ walk away. el eden mine is 500 metres from the moneda.
all units have a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and kettle are also available.
a dishwasher, microwave and fridge are standard in all apartments.
bed and best is set on the third floor of a building on one of rome's most popular streets.
it includes many free benefits and discounts, including free use of the local public pool and cable cars.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
a complimentary breakfast and free wi-fi are included with every stay at this murfreesboro motel, which is located 3 miles from the crater of diamonds state park.
there is also a mini-market on site.
the modern and country-style rooms each include a seating area and a private bathroom with shower.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with bathrobes and free toiletries. extras include cable channels.
the equipped kitchen provides a stove, a refrigerator and a microwave.
located in the heart of schwerin's old town, this intimate, family-run hotel occupies a quaint, 18th-century, half-timbered building.
portland international jetport is 2.3 miles from this south portland, maine hotel.
serenahof has a 24-hour front desk which can offer advice on local activities including wine tasting tours and day excursions.
the restaurant serving lithuanian cuisine is just about 15 metres away.
rooms at the teresa masselli bed and breakfast all come with air conditioning, desk and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
you can cook in the shared, fully equipped kitchen.
angling rods can be provided, and staff can prepare fish meals.
it also features an innovative alphasphere.
guests receive a 10% discount at the vall d’or golf club, 20 km away.
the private bathrooms have a shower.
the home-like rooms come complete with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and free wi-fi.
alternatively guests can visit the restaurants within 300 metres and taste their local fresh fish specialities.
each modern apartment at the palacio real is decorated in bright colours.
facilities at hotel condesa alcudia include a restaurant, bar and terrace.
there is easy access to the a67 motorway and santander is 115 km away.
this air-conditioned apartment has 1 double bedroom, 1 twin bedroom, and a bathroom with a bath and hairdryer.
in the garden of the apricum barbecue facilities and outdoor furniture are provided.
extras include a desk.
sheffield is 48 km away.
estadio municipal de concepción is 4.4 km from parque urbano, while universidad de concepción is 5 km from the property.
hotel stefania enjoys a central location in costineşti, only 400 metres from the sandy beach by the black sea shore and offers a restaurant, rooms with a small refrigerator and free wifi in public areas.
you can have a drink at the bar.
poznan lawica airport is 7 km from the property.
tea and coffee-making facilities are available.
north golf course inc.
free breakfast is served at the restaurant, while other meals may also provided at an extra charge.
free private parking is available on site.
severinstrasse underground station is just 2 stops from lanxess arena and 3 stops from kölnmesse exhibition centre.
guests can order a traditional local meals cooked in a wood-burning stove, made with products from the village.
the university of canberra and canberra international sports and aquatic centre are within a 10-minute walk away.
rooms are simply decorated and include a cable tv, air conditioning and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
guests can store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience.
holosiivska metro station provides links to the centre of kiev, and the mir is situated beside the m8 motorway.
guests can start the day with a full buffet breakfast including colombian coffee and tropical fruits.
cala major beach is 5 km from gerreria central apartment, while plaza mayor is 400 metres away.
the historic city centre of innsbruck can be reached within a few minutes by public transport.
bike, ski and snowboard rentals are available on-site at charter sports.
a flat-screen tv is provided. the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
the traditionally decorated with wood and stone apartments offer kitchenette with a microwave, stove, fridge and washing machine.
enjoying an elevated position 450 metres from the nearest pebbly beach, apartment jurica provides self-catering accommodation fitted with air conditioning. the property is set 1 km from the centre of makarska.
puigcerdá is 40 minutes’ drive away and andorra is 52 km away.
granvara relais & spa is set in its own spacious garden, just 50 metres from the ski slopes offering ski-to-door access.
offering a free wellness centre and a garden, hotel villa eden is located in corvara in badia.
the hotel offers a shuttle service to truskavets train station, 20 km away.
from may to october the löwen alpincard is included in the rate.
admiralty building is 4.2 km from apartment kiyevskaya 3, while palace square is 4.3 km from the property.
the nearest airport is kona international airport, 17 km from the property.
entertainment is also provided at monte baia's on-site disco.
free private parking is available on site.
they also have a flat-screen cable tv and two bathrooms, one of them with a spa tub.
located just 2 minutes’ walk from the beach and boardwalk, this motel boasts 2 outdoor pools.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
skiers will find a variety of cross-country ski trails in the surrounding area, and ski storage is also available.
the rooms are spacious and bright, and come with tea/coffee making facilities, a tv, and a hairdryer.
attractions near the hotel weidenmühle include the marienkirche church. this is a 10-minute walk away.
a restaurant, a bar and a grocery shop are available in riscone, within 1 km of the property.
located directly on paugus bay of lake winnipesaukee, this new hampshire resort boasts a private swim area.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is reachable within 20 km.
the spa town of karlovy vary is 26 km away from the st. anna.
it has a shared kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals.
hotel čingov slovenský raj is located at the entrance to the famous slovak paradise national park, 6 km from spišská nová ves and the high tatras national park.
located just 160 metres from the kremenchuk reservoir embankment in svitlovodsk town, this hotel features free coffee 2 times a day and free wi-fi.
sheremetyevo airport is 12 km from the property.
the family-run gordons bay guesthouse is surrounded by the helderberg/hottentot holland mountains and boasts stunning views across false bay to table mountain.
vanilla sweet restaurant serves a variety of delicious asian and thai cuisines.
the self-catering apartments at apartment & boardinghouse berlin kreuzberg come with a well-equipped kitchen.
guests can also order organic breakfast at the zleep lounge.
priština airport is located 18 km away. airport shuttle is available at a surcharge.
located 1 km from the thermal bath of zalakaros, alina apartmanház zalakaros offers its guests a garden pond and a playground.
calgary city centre is 20 minutes’ drive away.
the town of asprovalta is less than a 15-minute drive away.
the tarzania rope park and brezina lesopark are reachable within 500 metres. the trenciansky castle is situated 1 km from the property.
the apartments at the jägerhäusl come with a balcony, a well-equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower. they also feature a tv.
free wifi access is available in all rooms.
it offers comfortable accommodation with free wi-fi and a private balcony.
garden air golf club is a 5-minute drive from americas best value inn calimesa.
free public parking is available on site.
apache gold casino is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
the renowned portimão museum is 1.5 km away from the property.
linköping train station, saab arena and linköping town centre are all within 12 km from the property.
a washing machine, cleaning products, bed linen and towels are provided too.
set in playa hermosa, 37 km from tamarindo, golden palms papagayo features free wifi access and free private parking.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing and golfing.
towels and bed linen are provided.
rooms come with a tv, safety deposit box and free wi-fi.
immaculate conception church is 7 km from sonikas heritage, while bridge panji is 7 km from the property.
aarhus airport is located 21 km from the property.
the property offers free wifi in all areas.
each room has a tv. certain units include a seating area where you can relax.
the restaurant serves regional cuisine and a continental breakfast.
boasting a private pool, villa reisya is a villa located in nusa dua.
the motel blue falls offers free parking on site.
the air-conditioned rooms at sala @ hua hin come with a fridge, coffee/tea making facilities, and a safety deposit box.
kolizey fitness centre is a 10-minute walk away.
each apartment has a living room with a tv and sofa bed.
this easley hotel is within a 45-minute drive of caesar's head state park.
the accommodations will provide you with a kitchen, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
complimentary two-way shuttle service is provided to and from dumaguete airport, which is within a 10-minute drive away.
guests have access to a shared kitchen.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and windsurfing.
ozer hotel has a terrace right on the water and is just a few steps to the picturesque beach.
alba is a 20-minute drive away.
luxor paulo miranda home service also includes a spa centre and fitness centre.
a garden and free bikes are provided.
you will find a kettle in the room. each room is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath and shower, with slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
each room is fitted with air conditioning, a cable tv and a fridge.
located on the madilla beach in tangalle, harmony beach bungalows features a restaurant and garden with bbq.
tapachula international trade fair and the city’s train station are both within 700 metres.
start your day with a buffet breakfast before exploring the eternal city on foot.
from the terrace and restaurant, there are views over the village and towards cavusin and avanos.
room service is available.
a kitchenette equipped with a fridge, electric kettle, coffee maker and cooking hobs for the preparation of light meals is standard.
some rooms offer a panoramic view of the oasis’ palm trees.
you will find a kettle in the room.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
a mini-fridge and microwave are also provided.
the hotel is ideally situated in the station of barbotan les thermes, making l'oustal the perfect stop for a pleasant stopover for holidays or business trip in the gers region.
the bathroom is private and may come with a shower or a bath.
towels are offered.
the apartment offers free private parking on-site
a shared outdoor terrace with tables and bbq facilities are also featured.
offering a peaceful garden with swimming pool, sun loungers and mountain views, pension sonnheim is in central gargazzone, a 15-minute drive from the merano thermal baths.
the hotel features a large outdoor swimming pool and free wifi.
gorny vozdukh train station is 3.5 km away, and sochi international airport is 47 km from the property.
towels and bed linen are offered.
each room at breda youth hostel has a high ceiling and wooden floors.
the nearest airport is malpensa airport, 84 km from the villa victoria.
the nearest airport is astana international airport, 12 km from the property.
the alhambra, overlooking the city of granada, is a 48 km drive away.
the unit is 400 metres from national museum in warsaw.
extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
the property offers free parking.
elementos is 1 block from pucon bus station.
the national airport of milos is 7.6 km away.
guests can enjoy the communal bbq area equipped with picnic tables.
l’espérance airport is 10 km from the property.
the nearest beach is 200 metres away.
the property is a 5-minute walk from oyu-onsen ski resort, which is open on weekends during winter.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower, bidet and hairdryer.
located a 3-minute walk from matabiau train station, appartement charmant offers self-catering apartments and studios with free wifi access and a seating area with a sofa bed.
a breakfast is served every morning at the property.
the stopera music theatre and opera house is a 5-minute walk away.
some suites include a separate bedroom and a living area with a sofa.
the roman and medieval city of fréjus is a 10-minute drive away, and access to the a8 motorway is at 10 minutes by car.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool, a business centre and a tour desk. free private parking is possible.
the homestay also offers car hire.
the conca verde hotel is in lignano sabbiadoro, a 10-minute walk from both the city centre and the lagoon shores.
guests can enjoy mountain views.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
vnukovo international airport is 23 km from the property.
rooms at courtyard dallas richardson at campbell feature a work desk and ironing facilities, as well as tea and coffee-making facilities.
the immediate surroundings of the hotel feature the picturesque atmosphere of a typical historic village filled with winding lanes and rustic houses.
the master double room comes with a bath and shower en suite, and guests staying in the single room can make use of the property’s shower room.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
a 42-inch flat-screen television, desk, and seating area are featured in all guest rooms.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
fügen’s village centre can be reached on foot in 5 minutes.
rijeka airport is 16 km away.
it can be reached through a cable car leaving from piazzale funivie.
the in-house restaurant serves a delectable menu of local and international cuisines.
facilities include a fitness centre and children's playground. rooms with a tv and microwave are available at tsulu beach bunk house & apartments.
guests will appreciate the many thoughtful conveniences available at the grande allee, including in-room dvd players and complimentary wireless internet access.
guests can order room service and request for laundry services.
family apartment on surikova offers self-catering accommodation in yekaterinburg, a 10-minute walk from chkalovskaya metro station.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
rooms have mountain views and free wifi.
airport shuttle services to antalya airport, 135 km away, are provided at a surcharge.
the guest house is a 45-minute drive from bali denpasar international airport.
extras include bed linen.
they offer a kitchenette with a coffee machine, microwave and fridge.
each room includes a private bathroom along with bathrobes and slippers.
offering a free transfer service to the portland international airport 3 miles away, this oregon hotel features on-site dining, a gym, and a seasonal outdoor pool.
guests can go skiing or snowboarding at the indoor ski slopes of snowworld landgraaf (11 km).
you can walk along the canals or sit down in one of the many cafés and restaurants for a drink or meal.
guests are free to relax by the pool or in the shared lounge.
you will find a selection of shops in a 10-minute drive.
neptune’s bicycle rental service and tour desk can benefit those who wish to explore the area.
the balconies and terraces overlook the garden’s palm trees and the clear water.
featuring a private beach area, hotel astoria enjoys a charming, unique location on the main street of the old town of budva. the medieval building which houses the hotel is combined with modern design and soft tones, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
free wifi is available .
parking is available free of charge on site.
it features an on-site restaurant and bar, and free unlimited wifi access. free on-site parking is available.
guests of shore winds motel daytona beach will have access to a 24-hour reception. free parking is also possible on site.
guests can explore the surrounding countryside on 2 wheels with the hotel’s bicycle rental facilities.
capri apartments merimbula are just 4 minutes’ drive from merimbula aquarium and magic mountain.
it has an outdoor swimming pool, gym and free wi-fi.
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
the centre of moscow is 4 metro stops from optima apartments on maryina roshcha.
all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
messezimmer 4 u 2 offers free wifi, cable tv and pretty garden views.
featuring free wifi in all areas, naigao xiaowo offers accommodation in shanghai.
free private parking is available on site.
the cascais train station is a 12-minute walk as well as the beach and the bars.
free private parking is available on site.
some rooms have a private terrace with a view of le tréport’s famous chalk cliffs.
free wifi access is available.
towels and bed linen are featured in this villa.
several restaurants, banks and stores are situated nearby.
set on the banks of lake chiemsee with splendid views of the chiemgau alps, this hotel enjoys a central location in the lakeside resort.
the nearest city, gilleleje is 7 km away.
guests can enjoy a drink at paddy’s irish pub or stop by the golf grille for casual american cuisine.
it offers a cafe and free on-site parking.
private bathrooms come with a shower.
each unit features a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
each heated room has city views and is equipped with a tv.
the property offers free parking.
a 15-minute drive will take you to burgas and burgas airport.
isparta airport is 50 km away.
it also offers various egyptian beers and wines.
the fügen apartment has a bedroom with a double and single bed, a living room, sofa bed, dining area, satellite tv, a balcony with views of the surrounding mountains and countryside, a kitchenette and bathroom.
rustic-style apartments at la piazzetta come with exposed beam ceilings, a fully equipped kitchen and a satellite tv. the private bathroom includes a shower.
the property offers a free shuttle service from union station.
the hotel is easily accessed from the a10, just 7 minutes away, and which leads directly to bordeaux.
rooms have simple interiors and are fitted with a bed, air conditioning and a tv.
the property offers free parking.
free wi-fi is included in every traditionally decorated guestroom of this calumet hotel.
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
in the vicinity of the treestyle there are various pubs, restaurants and clubs for going out.
dry cleaning, ironing and laundry services are also offered.
vilnius airport is 10 km away.
the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, oven and a tea maker.
deni̇z alanya ci̇ty otel has a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
public parking is available in the streets around the hotel.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries.
you can start your day with a buffet-style sweet and savoury breakfast.
free wifi and free parking are available.
city centre can be reached in 15 minutes with public transportation.
pula airport is located within 8 km.
pau is 45 km from the hotel and the property offers free parking.
the open-plan kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
this modern spa hotel is located in the village of wilgartswiesen in the pfälzer forest nature park, boasting an indoor pool and wide range of massage and spa treatments.
aranda del duero and peñafiel is 22 km away.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 33 km from the property.
this private home offers free on-site parking.
free covered parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport, 17 km from the property.
fu bin hostel ii is a 10-minute walk from the beach and a 2-hour drive from zuoying high speed railway station.
a breakfast buffet is available each morning at the seeblick engel.
malaga airport is 31 km away.
guests will find a washing machine, dishwasher and tv.
located in the lively fira, santorini camping features a pool, a hot tub and a poolside snack bar. facilities also include a self-service restaurant, a fitness centre and a games room with billiards.
the apartment includes a seating area and 2 separate bedrooms.
kiwifruit cottage is 10 minutes' drive from waihi beach.
the garden includes barbecue facilities, and free private parking is available on site.
at beryozka cottage you will find barbecue facilities, a terrace and a bar.
guests enjoy a sweet italian breakfast every morning, served outdoors in fine weather.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities.
this hotel is located in the west of novosibirsk, a 20-minute drive from the city centre.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
histoires de bastide is just a 30-minute drive from nice international airport.
the roman fort of arberia is a 5-minute walk from the building.
the shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator with freezer.
a large furnished balcony is provided in almost all rooms.
with air conditioning, each unit is equipped with a fireplace and flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
the cherry capital airport and us coast guard air station are both 3 miles from this motel.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
hotel terranova is located in león’s zona piel area, mexico's leather capital.
the modern 4-star holiday inn łódź is located in piotrkowska street, which connects the north and south of the city and is famous for its numerous shops, bars and clubs.
tallinn old town hostel alur features a kitchen, a common room with cable tv and table football, an internet terminal, and a terrace.
all rooms offer heating, tea/coffee making facilities and a refrigerator.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found a 10-minute drive away in argentré-du-plessis.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
a pub-like atmosphere with aperitifs and live sport feed can be found at the on-site mayfair cafe.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the famous v&a waterfront, which is located a 5-minute drive from the apartment.
extras include bed linen.
lucca is a 30-minute drive from the california park, while viareggio is 20 km away.
all rooms offer a tv with satellite channels.
the private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
at the oasis you will find a restaurant.
there is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower.
you can receive discounted green fees at the acquabona golf club, just a few km away.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with household appliances and kitchenware included.
this holiday home is 11 km from santorini (thira) airport.
located in cannes, homerez - apartment avenue du docteur raymond picaud offers an outdoor pool.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. private parking is available on site.
some have fully equipped kitchens with a tea/coffee maker and balconies with scenic countryside views.
each holiday home has private parking spaces, simple kitchen and a living room with a tv and dvd player.
roma termini train station is a 10-minute walk from apartments colosseo forum, while the trevi fountain is 1.2 km away.
private bathroom provides a shower and washing machine.
situated just 20 yards off morecambe’s promenade, the family-run sea crest is a large guest accommodation offering home cooking, a bar with a pool table, and free wi-fi in the public areas, including the guest tv lounge.
for an extra charge, guests can make use of the hot tub, swimming pool and sauna as well as the solarium.
decorated with contemporary furnishings and beddings, each room has air conditioning and cable 32'' led tv. each one’s en suite bathroom has bathroom amenities.
grand holiday hotel 2 is situated in the heart of hanoi, just 500 metres from ngoc son temple. st.
every morning guests can enjoy a sweet breakfast.
a pebbly beach is 250 metres away, while the villa also features an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers.
quadruple room rabac 3016e is set in rabac, 200 metres from rabac ferry port and 300 metres from rabac bus stop.
they come with shared bathroom facilities.
motor cyclists and mountain bikers will find a lockable garage at the national hotel in order to safely park their vehicles.
the bedrooms are bright and feature a fan, 29-inch tv and wardrobe.
azerbaijan carpet museum is 3.2 km from baha's house, while bibi-heybat mosque is 3.3 km away.
guests wake up to a rich american breakfast buffet.
zvoyzdny shopping centre, stefanovskaya square and kirovsky park are a walking distance from the apartment.
mia, alex and frederic are looking forward to have you as their guests.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the town of westport is just a 15-minute walk away and holds a designated heritage status.
guest can relax on the outdoor dining patio.
it offers accommodation in an elegant, spacious and air-conditioned apartment boasting a view of the river daugava and the old town across it.
offering a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and free wi-fi, chambres d'hotes les roseaux is located 2 km from the heart of coulon village, one of the most picturesque villages of the green venice.
the lively rincón de loix area is 600 metres away.
the family-run hotel goya is a building of typical sevillian architecture.
all rooms at the campo y puchero are air-conditioned and come with a phone and tv. the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and there is an iron.
rooms here are classically decorated and wil provide you with a seating area with satellite tv.
the apartment is fitted with a kitchenette
camparan suites is an apartment complex set in the centre of lleida, 10 minutes’ walk from the ave high speed train station.
kievo-pechyorskaya lavra is 16 km away, and boryspil international airport is 35 km from the hotel.
every apartment is air-conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen cable tv and dvd player.
the apartment comes with a seating area with a tv, washing machine and bathroom with a hairdryer. the kitchenette includes an oven and refrigerator.
gondola lift is 1.9 km from rivendell apartments semiramida gardens.
gelendzhik airport is 2 km from the property.
this hotel is located in the vasilyevsky island in saint petersburg, just a 10-minute walk from sportivnaya metro station.
the property is 190 metres from royal palace amsterdam and 650 metres from anne frank house.
sopot is 42 km from willa koral, while gdynia is 34 km away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area.
all of the beit rose guest rooms are decorated in an elegant style with handmade ceramics and antique furniture.
the apartments are less than 50 metres from the paseo costa canaria promenade, where there is a selection of shops, bars and restaurants.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, satellite channels, and a cd player. the kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave. two bathrooms include a shower each.
in addition to standard amenities, all guest rooms come equipped with cable tv, microwave and refrigerator.
this marysville hotel features acienda spanish-style architecture and décor.
all units are accessible for disabled guests and come with a radio and a safety deposit box.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
breakfast is served every morning in the small and elegant breakfast room.
peterborough is a 19.6-mile drive away and march railway station is 4.8 miles away.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
all apartments offer wifi access and some also include a private balcony.
private airport transfers are available for an extra cost.
the units at the mic come with a private bathroom with a shower, cable tv and a minibar. they also feature free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the bathroom is private with a shower or tub.
the property also offers discounts to the aquapark and a wellness with saunas, hot tubs and massages.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
free private parking is possible on site.
all bright rooms come with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
the bathroom is shared.
this large and modern family-friendly complex is located in sunny beach.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
astali hotel is situated only 100 metres from rethymno’s beach and 200 metres from the old town.
in hotel hasdrubal thalassa & spa, enjoy a close link to nature within and without your room.
free parking is available on site.
at apartamento rio vermelho you will find a sauna. other facilities like a children's playground are offered.
a restaurant, serving local and international dishes, and a grocery store are 150 metres away.
indoor and outdoor pools, a tennis court and a sauna with a hot tub are offered at this hotel. free wifi is provided.
inn adams is about 3 miles from adventureland theme park, and is 5.5 miles from highland oaks golf course.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property. you can play billiards at the hotel.
computers with internet access can be used at the business centre, and wi-fi is provided at a charge in the lobby and guest rooms.
the united states embassy is within a 5-minute drive and the autonomous national university (unam) is just 15 km away.
the fleur de ré is located on the ile de ré, off the coast of la rochelle.
excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
free wifi access is available.
guests can enjoy a stroll through the historic town, take afternoon tea and lunch on the hotel's terrace, or enjoy a range of beauty treatments.
aqaba king hussein international airport is a one hours’ drive.
there are also conference facilities on site.
palau is 25-minute drive away.
centrally located in kuah, hotel grand continental provides easy access to department stores, restaurants and entertainment options.
le front de mer is a 20-minute drive from both honfleur and etretat.
the apartment features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a kitchenette with a dishwasher and free wi-fi.
lucca cathedral is 200 metres from the property.
supermarkets and shops can be found a 5-minute drive away.
hotel orquidea ibiza has bright studios and apartments with air conditioning and a furnished balcony.
guests enjoy the convenience of a tour desk. laundry services are also available upon request.
for business travelers, this clearwater, fl hotel provides conveniences like free high-speed internet access, voice mail and access to copy and fax services.
the hotel is within walking distance of the new delhi railway station, while the international and domestic airports are 12 km away.
each room comes with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
lübeck’s old town district is a 5-minute walk from the park hotel.
it is also possible to enjoy meals outside on the furnished terrace.
other facilities like a fitness centre and meeting facilities are offered. the property offers free parking.
free parking is available nearby.
there is a well-equipped, common kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals.
it offers a restaurant, free daily newspapers, and free wifi access.
the brand-new avionika guest house with a pizzeria on site can be found next to the mountain resort klinovec in krusne hory.
snack bar is ideal for a quick bite, and the bar is ideal for sipping a drink after a busy day.
grocers 50 m, supermarket 2 km, restaurant, outdoor swimming pool 500 m, indoor swimming pool 3 km.
extras include free toiletries and hot-water showers.
styled in modern furnishings with rustic details, this apartment provides premium linens, a flat-screen tv and a gas fireplace.
packed lunches are also available at the property.
all units include a flat-screen tv, living room and a well-equipped kitchen. the private bathroom has a bath or shower.
playa de las américas is a 20-minute drive from the apartments, while arona and tenerife sur airport are within 15 km of the property.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the nearest airport is brindisi - salento airport, 39 km from b&b francesca.
located on a beach in calderitas, yax-ha cabañas & trailer park offers an outdoor pool and tropical gardens with hammocks.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and private bathroom.
this resort is in the mountain village of prullans, with beautiful views over cerdanya valley and the pyrenees. it includes free wifi, an indoor and an outdoor pool and a wellness centre.
air-conditioned rooms at bhandari swiss cottage are fitted with a desk, a cable tv, a seating area and a private balcony.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, free toiletries and towels.
each unit features a private bathroom stocked with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
holiday home strandlund hadsund xii is located in hadsung. the property is suitable for 8 guests.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
the property offers free parking.
designer toiletries and bathrobes are also included.
bars, restaurants and markets can be found about 500 metres away, while the btc city park is located nearby and features tennis courts, indoor pools and a shopping centre.
motorway n-360 is 6 minutes’ by car.
set around a soapstone fireplace, the spacious living room includes a large dining table and a seating area with sofas, satellite tv, cd and dvd players.
they are equipped with a balcony, satellite tv and a seating area.
gradac bus station is 150 metres away.
a flat-screen cable tv and coffee machine are included in each room.
the property is only 600 metres from lobos beach.
your trullo hut at the valle incantata consists of 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a kitchen.
a continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning.
set in the hills of tuscany, between the art cities of siena and florence, il rosalaccio provides free parking.
los maños is a family-run guest house in blanes, 1 km from the town centre and beach.
start your day with a varied breakfast buffet including yoghurt and cheese spread.
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchenette.
the balcony offers pool views.
sotel inn unione shenzhen is a 14-minute drive from shenzhen convention and exhibition centre, a 16-minute drive from shenzhen north coach terminal station and an 18-minute drive from shenzhen north railway station.
private bathrooms come with a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
situated on the banks of the witham river, the tranquil white horse holiday park offers self-catering accommodation with free private parking.
the stylish turmbar is ideal for drinks or cocktails, and there is a garden restaurant by the lake during spring and summer.
the apartment features 2 separate bedrooms and a kitchen with a dining area.
ironing facilities are available.
only 500 metres from yuanyang rice terraces, flowers resident features simple accommodation with free wi-fi.
it is well placed for horse riding and hiking tours.
there are more than 7 golf courses surrounding edinburgh, and craigentinny golf course is 20 minutes’ walk from the guest house.
a swimming lake is 2 km away.
each room includes a private bathroom. extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free wi-fi and a public bath is available for guests to enjoy their stay.
free wifi access is available.
located right on the shore of lake presseggersee, seeappartements presseggersee-süd offers a private beach area and a tennis court, and free wifi.
some rooms feature a fireplace and a bath tub.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster.
the house features a cosy living room including satellite tv, a sofa, armchairs and dining table. there is also a spacious outdoor dining area on the terrace, overlooking the sea.
gardens are featured at the inn notchland for guests to enjoy.
restaurants, bars and shops can be reached by foot.
an ideal starting point for tours around the val pusteria valley, the property is 15 km from the kronplatz and helm ski slopes.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surrounding area, including swimming, sailing, hiking and fishing.
featuring a garden with bbq facilities, san vito villa offers a self-catering house in san vito lo capo. the beachfront is a 15-minute walk from the property.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is penza airport, 14 km from the property.
it is a 23-minute drive to the chiado historical area and its typical shops and cafés.
the apartment consists of two separate rooms, and will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv and a seating.
the apartments include a kitchenette equipped with a stovetop, microwave, refrigerator, and kitchenware.
the property offers free parking.
from ses arenes country house, guests can visit the ses salines lighthouse, 2.5 km away.
boasting sea views, saphli restaurant offers a selection of thai and european cuisines.
the stylish ski & sun apartments are located in quiet surroundings in liptovsky mikulas, and just 9 km away from the jasna ski resort.
other facilities offered at the property include a barbecue, a swing and a sandpit.
the popular mansa devi temple is 1.2 km away while the chandi devi temple is 3 km away.
the property is situated a 5-minute walk from rachana national museum and a 10-minute drive from toul sleng museum.
holiday apartment manola 141 is 5 km from carera street in rovinj.
all the bedrooms are unique and each has its own bathroom with free toiletries. facilities include tea/coffee maker, ipod docking stations and cd and dvd players.
louvre museum is 1 km from cute montorgueil studio (152), while place de la république is 1.2 km away.
at new land house 1 you will find a 24-hour front desk.
a daily snack consisting of mineral water, coffee, tea and sugar is included in the rates and there are bbq facilities in the building.
with air conditioning, apartments come with a fully-equipped kitchen and a flat-screen tv.
alternatively, sample local and asian specialities from the range of dining options located withina 10-minute walk from the hotel.
centrally located on the gippsland gourmet food trail, yarragon motel offers air-conditioned rooms with private bathroom and kitchenette.
in-house prudhvi restaurant serves local, indian and chinese fare.
svanninge bakker nature reserve is a 5-minute drive from the b&b.
the lisbon international airport is a 17-minute drive from the cosy apartment in lisbon-principe real.
the apartment is a 15-minute walk from lyon part-dieu train station.
chalet dans résidence privée is located in la gaude.
the nearest airport is olsztyn-mazury regional airport, 44 km from apartament westerplatte.
atlantis aquaventure water park is 2.9 km from courtyard by marriott nassau downtown/junkanoo beach, and blue lagoon is 9.7 km from the property.
free wi-fi is available in the public areas of the guesthouse and a laundry service is available.
guests benefit from balcony and an outdoor pool.
mytilini international airport is 68 km away.
locally sourced ingredients are used wherever possible to create the home-cooked food.
the famous hobie beach is about 3 minutes of cape flame, while the 18-hole humewood golf course is a 5-minute drive away.
the distance to archbishop's palace is 200 metres away.
albany airport is 45 km away.
complete with a dishwasher, the full kitchen includes an oven and microwave.
italian, turkish, mexican and fresh seafood restaurants are also available at ersan.
the property is 600 metres from the world-famous copacabana beach.
there also is a fireplace.
this holiday home is 12 km from aarhus airport.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
apartments also have a private terrace or balcony.
extras include a sofa, a desk and bed linen.
other recreational activities include mahjong room and tennis.
the hotel also has a sauna.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and billiards.
cabins at the messeship prinses christina are compact and decorated in a modern style. all cabins have a private bathroom, telephone and satellite tv.
guests will find several cafes and restaurants within a radius of 500 metres.
each room offers air conditioning.
this family-run hotel offers a tranquil location with excellent bus links into the centre and to perugia train station 2 km away.
kumano club resort is a 15-minute drive from kumano kodo road and onigajo.
villa backpackers lodge picton is located in the heart of picton, just 100 metres from picton train station and 200 metres from ecoworld aquarium.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment centro chamberí .
featuring free wifi throughout the property, villa pinto offers pet-friendly accommodation in lucera.
the kitchen includes a dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator.
all bathrooms have a bathrobe, slippers and hairdryer, whilst some rooms also have a separate living area.
tea and coffee-making facilities are also included.
the kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
it offers free wifi and free public parking, set opposite the building.
dine at the hotel's jetty restaurant and enjoy drinks at harbar, the hotel's contemporary cocktail bar.
it offers furnished, spacious apartments and a spa area with a pool.
bed linen is offered.
villa hoviranta is a 2 bedroom villa with 2 saunas, situated in koivikko.
it offers a breakfast buffet and a free shuttle to zagarolo train station.
there is also a mini club for children over 3 years.
private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
each room has a private bathroom and a balcony or a patio.
a large breakfast buffet is offered each morning.
a safety desposit box and ski storage are other facilities, here at guests’ disposal.
free wifi is offered .
deluxe suites is located in riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
you can enjoy garden view from the balcony.
guests can relax at the sauna.
this villa has a dining area, washing machine, balcony and fully equipped kitchen, including a stovetop, microwave and oven.
located in chernomorets, 600 metres from the beach, guest house karabelev offers a garden with a terrace.
thanks to its central location, the vila terazije is very close to all cultural and entertaining venues in the city, as well as to the town hall and several embassies.
situated 4 km from the centre of timisoara, pensiunea nora-clasic offers rooms with flat-screen tv and minibar, as well as private underground parking facilities. wi-fi is available for free.
courtyard dayton beavercreek has contemporary rooms with air conditioning, a tea / coffee maker and mini-fridge.
next to darsena metro station, hotel helvetia is a 5-minute walk from the porto antico area, which includes the waterfront and aquarium.
it takes 10 minutes by taxi to admiralty and central business district.
holiday home sommervej faxe ladeplads xi is located in fakse.
wild roses is located in the bos en lommer district of amsterdam, only a 3-minute walk to tram stop de rijpstraat.
bears lodge is an alpine chalet-style hotel where guests can simply walk down to the lake stocked with fish, play on the small beach area, test their wits on some of the hiking trails.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities and a laundry.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and horse riding.
the huntingdon marriott hotel offers a range of modern facilities throughout its guest rooms, conference rooms and lobby.
wifi is available for a surcharge.
offering free wi-fi, all rooms have top-quality furnishings.
each unit has a kitchenette, balcony and living area with sofa bed.
rooms at the hotel include 37-inch, flat-screen tvs.
it is a 56-minute drive from todgha gorges canyon and 121 km from the city of ouarzazate and its airport.
this hotel is the 2nd-oldest half-timbered building in coburg, located a 10-minute walk from the town's historic attractions.
naxos town and port are 4 km away, while the long sandy beach of agia anna is 3 km away.
all accommodations feature a microwave, small refrigerator, and en suite laundry facilities.
the apartments also offer a kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining area.
newark international airport is within a 25-minute drive of the hotel.
other facilities at al bateen residences include a spa centre.
guests staying at the bed and breakfast cozy coulee can enjoy a breakfast including fruit, cereal and pancakes.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including kite surfing and hiking.
the property offers 2 buildings and comfort rooms are situated in the new building.
part of the harz unesco heritage site, the huttale widerwaage is a picturesque reservoir, just 4 km from the property.
contemporary rooms are furnished with amenities from a flat-screen tv and a fridge, to nightwear and toiletries.
bike hire is also available.
sifnos port lies 15 km from romanza. the picturesque village of kastro with its archeological museum and ruins of the ancient citadel is 20 km away.
offering lovely views from the balcony, all rooms come with a minibar, fridge and electric kettle.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
the james madison university is 3 miles from the hotel.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
it features a garden and a small animal farm on site.
all air-conditioned studios and apartments open to a balcony with straight or side views of the aegean sea.
the nearest airport is lisbon portela airport, 38 km from the property.
furnished in touches of traditional chinese decor, air-conditioned rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv, tea/coffee-making facilities and free toiletries.
this organic farm is 2.5 km from the centre of walchsee and the walchsee ski area.
guests will be 5 miles from myrtle beach mall and 11 miles from myrtle beach international airport.
the restaurant, where breakfast is served, is located in the 16th-century basement decorated with original frescoes.
within lively surroundings, guests can enjoy jazz concerts, film screenings and participate in performances.
hotel roma provides design and air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi and a sea-view balcony.
additional services include a laundrette and there is a children’s playground. you can watch canal+ channels in the tv room, which also has a library or play table football and board games.
while staying in paleokastritsa holiday resort guests can explore 6 different sandy and pebbled beaches enclosed by cliffs, olive groves, lemon and cypress trees and lush hilly countryside.
the apartment is 1.6 km from dolphinarium.
the résidence les sources is 15 kilometres from the a7 motorway and 20 kilometres from avignon - caumont airport.
you can drive to central san sebastián in 15 minutes from green nest hostel uba aterpetxea.
the upper floor of the ca n'anita beach house has a double room offering sea views, a twin room, a single room and a bathroom with a hairdryer, towels, bathrobes, and free toiletries.
each room at hotel alfa features a cable tv, air conditioning and a minibar. the private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the main bus station can be reached with a short walk and zadar airport is located at a distance of 10 km from the property.
located in nai yang area, phuket airport hostel and homestay offers rooms with free wifi. situated 1 km from phuket international airport, the property features a 24-hour front desk and tour desk.
there is also a free sauna, and massages are available on request.
activities including cycling can be enjoyed in the property surroundings.
ansgarkapellet chapel is located on site, and is open 24 hours during summer.
the property offers free parking.
featuring an outdoor pool and surrounded by nature, casa de vilarinho, located in terras de bouro is a self-catering accommodation 30 km from braga.
excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
a shared kitchen is also available and special regional dishes can be requested for lunch or dinner.
featuring an outdoor pool, table tennis and restaurant, hotel rosenheim is located in rodengo.
after a huge restoration project, it now features modern apartments.
sunrays is a stunning 'arts and crafts' guest house in the seaside town of sherringham.
it is 3.7 km from ghanta ghar and 11.2 km from the kaylana lake.
it offers a roof-top sun terrace and the large patio features a small plunge pool.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, hiking and bowling.
truskavecs train station is about 20 km away.
each room is stocked with 2 bottles of water daily.
guests can lounge in the british-style 24-hour cigar bar and enjoy classic cocktails to the tune of live music during evenings.
the magdalenengarten baroque gardens and the roemer- und pelizaeus-museum are just a 10-minute walk away.
la perouse lorne is just 5 minutes’ walk from lorne beach. it is a 5-minute drive from lorne country club.
big league dreams sports park is just 5 miles away. raging waters waterpark is 13 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
the tulipano rosa is 30 km from terni.
other facilities at villa aristoteles include a sun terrace.
hotel le continental is 5 km from the a20 motorway and the chateau and park of valencay is 40 km away.
it provides both rooms and self-catering cottages.
located just a 10-minute drive from the iconic rumah radakng in pontianak, maestro hotel kota baru offers a modern and cosy accommodation featuring an indoor swimming pool, free wifi access in all areas and free on-site parking for guests who drive.
wenceslas square is reachable within 20 minutes on foot, while prague airport is 10 km away.
it is a 5-minute drive from the playmobil fun park and 20 minutes from nuremberg.
there is free parking on site.
mir nevsky hotel is located in the heart of saint petersburg, a 7-minute walk from the palace square and the state hermitage museum.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
the property features an on-site mini-market and daily maid service.
european specialities are served in the restaurant, and a buffet breakfast is provided each morning.
golf is a popular activity in the area, as well as water sports.
the hotel offers well-equipped apartments with full kitchens.
wi-fi is free in public areas.
featuring tiled floors and a dining area, all rooms have cable tv and a work desk.
free wifi access in all areas and free parking are both available.
the kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave.
a toaster and kettle are also offered.
the lounge area has an ethnic-style décor and also includes a tv.
the fully equipped kitchen includes a dishwasher and a microwave.
omaha is 34 miles away.
the boat haus café is located on the beach and serves a variety of italian dishes, continental delights and fresh seafood.
the nearest ski lift of the gosau-dachstein west ski resort is 7 km away, while hallstatt and the steeg-gosau train station are 15 km away from the pilz ferienwohnung.
with free wifi throughout, each air-conditioned, wooden chalet offers a terrace with an outdoor dining area, a kitchenette, and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
tianjin world economy trade and exhibition centre is 7 km from tianjin jiajun express hotel. tianjin railway station is 11 km away.
there is also a living room with fireplace, while cleaning products can be found in the bathroom.
each chalet here features rustic décor and comes equipped with a fridge, cable tv and a private balcony with an outdoor seating area and bbq facilities.
the kitchens are fully equipped with hob, oven, fridge, microwave and a nespresso coffee machine.
within 1 km shops and restaurants can be found.
every weekend the restaurant serves an extensive spanish buffet.
located in the centre of phnom penh, lucky star hotel is a 5-minute walk from city mall.
disney world is 12.1 km from the property.
all of the luna alvor village's apartments have spacious balconies and are equipped with a full kitchenette, air conditioning and a satellite tv.
the hotel offers luggage storage service and a vending machine to purchase refreshments.
it offers a seasonal outdoor pool, a large garden and free wi-fi internet in all public areas, as well as the majority of hotel rooms.
at holiday home klydevænget you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
it provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
it features a sun terrace with swimming pool, a garden and free wi-fi.
the sacré coeur basilica is just 5 km away.
some rooms have a balcony.
all of the stylish rooms have a balcony and are well-equipped.
free on-site parking is available at the hotel restaurant du mée, meaning you can easily explore the île-de-france region by car.
maison d'en bas is a holiday home with a terrace, set in anse a la mouche.
some rooms have sea views.
kitchenware, towels and bed linen are provided at konnos galini holidays.
towels are featured.
this inn features barbecue facilities.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv, a fridge, an air humidifier/purifier and air conditioning.
monolithos beach is 2.5 km away.
nimman haemin can be reached within 7.5 km.
guesthouse v ghostyah features free wifi .
have a quiet sleep and wake up feeling like a prince or princess.
all rooms have a rustic décor which include air conditioning, minibar and a safety deposit box.
eureka springs historic district is 43 minutes' drive from the property.
casa seggiano is a 30-minute drive from san quirico d’orica.
the ferry port of thasos island is 45 km from astris sun hotel.
there are also a personal safe, a seating area, and an en suite bathroom with shower facility, slippers, and free toiletries.
mt. fernie provincial park is 5 km away.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the sterling dulles hawthorn suites.
each room has an individual theme and is equipped with a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
aj hackett bungy jumping - kawarau bridge is 3.9 km from fifteen on oliver, while queenstown event centre is 4.3 km from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
reservations are strongly recommended.
they are fitted with blackout curtains, free drinking water and free toiletries.
the lurisia thermal baths can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
nearby leisure activities include bowling and miniature golf.
located in belihul oya, windy rich - belihuloya by taprobane is situated 71 kms from nuwara eliya.
santa clara waterfall is 2,5 km from the hotel.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
gilroy inn rooms include a microwave and refrigerator. the rooms are equipped with cable tv.
guests can choose from different 4 restaurants, each with a panoramic sea view, serving different types of cuisine.
each classically appointed room is fitted with an lcd tv and a private bathroom. some units boast a spa bath.
vorokhta is 12 km from chalet adriana. ivano-frankivsk airport is 62 km from the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a breakfast buffet is available every morning at the restaurant which serves meals of polish and international cuisine and it is located in the conservatory.
there is a restaurant and bar.
an array of entertainment including a flat-screen cable/satellite tv, a dvd and a computer are included in the unit.
baby-changing cushions, nappy buckets, a baby bathtub, babyphone and highchairs are also available.
the accommodation is provided with a satellite-tv, free wifi, a hi-fi system, a terrace and a fireplace.
they come with air conditioning, a hairdryer and a safety box.
the hotel offers 24-hour reception, a 24-hour café-bar, free wi-fi and rooms with flat-screen tvs.
the brightly decorated rooms at new memnon include a refrigerator and a tv. it has a private bathroom with a shower.
there is also a golf course just 250 metres away from the hotel.
meeting facilities are available upon request.
rooms at hotel new awaji have tatami-mat flooring and traditional futon bedding.
viewtalay beachfront by nd also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
it is in breitenholz next to the schönbuch nature reserve.
the house has air conditioning, heating, and barbecue facilities.
featuring contemporary designs, rooms at hotel forbidden city are fully air-conditioned.
the property offers a room service menu and a 24-hour front desk, for added convenience.
florence is 47 km from villa valle, while pisa is 28 km away.
located on the path followed by pilgrims towards the basilica of san francesco d'assisi, the hotel is between the basilica of santa maria degli angeli and the town.
the lively mykonos town and mykonos port are at 6 km.
rooms have a classic décor with parquet floors and antique furniture, while some include a spa bath.
the corlu airport is 35 km from the hotel, while the ataturk airport is 75 km away.
there is also an electric kettle.
it features a spa complex, indoor pool and modern medical centre.
the rooms are equiped with satellite tv, balcony and air conditioning.
on-site parking is free for guests at haus torgerson.
a personal reading light is provided for free, while towels can be rented for a fee.
it offers a sun terrace and studios with a balcony and sea views.
aeroparque jorge newbery airport is located 6 km away.
it offers spacious and stylish rooms with a seating area and free w-fi internet.
southeastern oklahoma state university is 3 km away.
this air-conditioned house comes with 4 double bedrooms and a double sofa bed in the living room.
this unique hotel, located on a hill in sinasos, is housed in a historical mansion and boasts spectacular views of cappadocia.
free wifi access is available.
the large wellness area includes 2 saunas, turkish and roman baths, and an indoor pool.
arena corinthians is 25 km from the property and guarulhos international airport is 30 km away.
most come with a private bathroom.
the haidenhof’s spa area includes a sun terrace with panoramic mountain views, a sauna, a steam bath, a solarium, and a relaxation room.
the apartments are equipped with air conditioning, a washing machine and fully-equipped kitchen.
each room is equipped with a tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
all air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a balcony and a refrigerator.
three restaurants are found within 1 km of hindås marina.
the hotel offers free parking, a café and flat-screen tvs.
hot drinks, cocktails and snacks are available during the day in the indoor bar.
hotel altair provides shared mixed dormitories for 3 to 6 people and some twin rooms for two people.
guests also enjoy a private patio overlooking the water.
turtle farm is 1.1 km from sanka villa, while hikkaduwa bus stand is 1.3 km away.
guests can lounge at the large sundeck, or arrange day trips at the tour desk.
the kitchen includes a hob, oven, microwave and dishwasher.
hostal sierra is a 5-minute walk from alcobendas-s.s.de los reyes train station, 20 km from central madrid.
the property offers free parking.
a sports airport providing activities such as paragliding and skydiving is just 800 metres away.
some rooms include a private bathroom with shower.
the cross roads business park and marquette business park are within 5 minutes’ drive of this hotel.
phuket international airport is a 25-minute drive away.
all include an outdoor dining setting and a lounge area with a sofa and flat-screen tv.
opatija port is 500 metres from one-bedroom apartment in opatija, while the open air summer theater in opatija is 600 metres from the property.
dormitory rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating system, with private lockers and a shared bathroom.
gimpo airport is a 50-minute drive and incheon airport is a 70-minute drive away.
nishita residency is located 3.6 km from chhatrapati shivaji international terminal 2.
the spa and wellness area includes a sauna, an infrared sauna, a salt cabin, a steam cabin, an aroma room, a hot tub, a kids' pool and an experience shower, all free of charge for guests.
guests can also make use of the on-site barbeque facilities.
all rooms are individually decorated, boasting design furniture, and attention to details.
breakfast at vatican's house is italian style and is served in the dining hall or in the comfort of your room at no extra cost.
all accommodations options include a tv and bathroom.
kastoria national airport is at a distance of 12 km.
there is also a laundry and an airport shuttle.
the castellammare del golfo centre is 2 km away and zingaro nature reserve is 14 km from the property.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a refrigerator and meals can be enjoyed in the dining area.
located on the rice terraces of sidemen valley, samanvaya offers a peaceful getaway an hour’s drive from ubud.
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
located in a tranquil green spot close to the sea and the mountains of evia, anemomylos bungalows offers a lovely retreat in a small distance from the beach (450m) and the city (750m).
breakfast is served daily at a nearby café.
conveniently located off highway 44, this sullivan comfort inn offers an indoor pool and rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv with hbo.
a massage service is available.
facilities include secure courtyard parking and a children’s play area.
reception is open 24 hours a day and offers free daily newspapers.
guests can visit the hufeland baths, just a 10-minute drive from the mühle hotel.
it provides a superior location, from which you can have 10 minutes' walk journey from nanjing railway station.
a tv is offered.
you will find room service at the property.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
it is a 20-minute drive from both the race course and cypress lakes golf and country club.
raimundo correia apartment is a luxurious self-catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro.
all units include a dining area and a seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge.
offering a sun terrace with a sofa and hot tub looking onto the mountains, casa el hornillo is set 10 minutes’ drive from playa de mogán beach.
bacvice beach is 700 metres from apartment riva, while gregory of nin is 1.5 km away.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
kites view is located only 5 km from gateway shopping centre and the mount edgecomb golf course.
the air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a wardrobe.
guests can also make use of the outdoor kitchen facilities at a surcharge.
the sunken gardens are 5.2 km away.
apartmentos la palma is located in benidorm, 400 metres from mal pas beach. rincon de loix is 2 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
located in antibes’ old town, au 23 offers self-catering apartments and studios.
intimate candlelight dinners can be arranged in villas.
within walking distance, guests will also find a cafe serving local alcoholic or non beverages, as well as a variety of local delicacies.
phi phi andaman legacy resort is steps from the clear waters of ton sai bay and a 10-minute walk from phi phi don island’s main pier.
there is private parking on site.
every room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the stylish rooms at yaxiang jinling come with modern décor and warm lightings.
there is also a fitness centre.
the outdoor pool is available in the warmer months, surrounded by a terrace with sun loungers.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave, toaster and refrigerator. a stovetop and kettle are also featured.
close to shops and restaurants, it provides a patio with flowers.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and snorkeling.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 24.5 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet.
the private bathrooms have a hairdryer.
all units include a tv.
the hotel has a 24-hour reception desk and some rooms can take 2 adults and up to 2 children (under 16 years).
kalina hotel is 2 km from the centre of borovets and the cable cars, in a natural setting.
bellagio village is 10 km from bellagio and 30 km from como.
the rooms include a shared bathroom equipped with a bath and bidet.
located 1.4 km from sitges convention bureau and 2.8 km from sitges-aiguadolç marina, apartment florina offers accommodation in sitges.
free wi-fi access is available in this farm stay. horse-riding is possible on site.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
take advantage of the large, free car park.
guests can prepare meals in the well-equipped kitchen.
additional features include a garden, free wi-fi access and free private parking on site.
free on-site parking is provided.
breakfast is served in the building next door.
it offers a relaxing getaway and many spa facilities.
other dining options are a 5-minute walk away.
free wifi access is provided in all areas.
this hotel offers air-conditioned rooms, a complimentary breakfast made of healthy items and a 24-hour market.
the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
ms apartments khimki on leninsky prospekt are 15 km from from sheremetyevo international airport, and moscow ring road is 3 km away.
the closest bus stop is 500 metres from villa pelekanos.
moskovsky train station is 14.6 km away, and pulkovo international airport is 9km from apartments uzhnaya korona on zvezdnaya.
the tour desk specialises in great barrier reef cruises and daintree rainforest tours.
the rooms and suites each have a private bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the fox theatre is 9.6 km away from motel oaks.
the staff at the tour desk can assist in booking diving/snorkeling trips, village tours and trips to the bouma national park which is a 90-minute drive away.
it offers an outdoor pool shrouded by a terrace with sun loungers and parasols. free wi-fi is available throughout.
meals can be enjoyed at the outdoor serving during summer.
each one is air conditioned and has a tv with satellite and pay-per-view channels.
the property is located 300 metres from the aguas calientes market and 400 metres from the bus stop that takes guests to machu picchu.
rooms at the camere sotto le stelle come with a private bathroom.
they are all equipped with satellite tv, safe, fridge and private balcony or terrace.
arcona is 13 km from the beaches of otranto and the alimini lakes.
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet.
the ratschingserhof is about 5 km from vipiteno.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
select rooms have a sofa.
in summer, the saalbach-hinterglemm joker card is included in the rate.
kiczera ski lift is 1 km away.
daily activities are provided for both adults and children of all age.
the air-conditioned rooms at hotel blancafort spa termal feature free wi-fi, flat-screen tv, a safe and minibar.
located 200 metres from the moskva river and 700 metres from myakinino metro station in krasnogorsk, ms apartments pavshino offer free wifi.
this property is 59 km on waterway from tulcea.
the rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a desk, and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
guests can indulge at the tróia restaurant, which offers mouth-watering contemporary mediterranean dishes.
each of the guest villas have air conditioning, a full kitchen and a terrace with a dining room.
a flat-screen tv with cable is featured in each apartment at montreal luxury apartments - les etoiles. a desk and seating area are included.
são josé dos campos airport is situated 4,5 km away.
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
featuring free wifi, studio antonio offers accommodation in split, 700 metres form trstenik beach and 2.5 km from palace of diocletian.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
guests enjoy an italian-style breakfast daily, which is prepared as a buffet in the communal kitchen.
this country-style guest house is quietly located in the idyllic area of kelberg, just an hour’s drive from the belgian border.
an hour’s drive takes you exploring the gong cave or surfing the waves at pacitan beach. adisumarmo airport is a 2.5-hour drive away.
located just a 5-minute walk from sidi kankouche beach, dar zeitoun offers a terrace, moroccan lounge with a fireplace and a garden. the centre of tangier is only a 17-minute drive away.
free private parking is available on site.
royal westmoreland golf course is a 10-minute drive from 115 port st.
schlosshotel fiss features a restaurant serving local cuisine made from regional products, as well as international cuisine.
staff can assist with car rental, ticketing arrangement and luggage storage services.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
some rooms feature a small sofa bed.
locarno is 56.4 km from bella omegna apartments, while passo del sempione is 66 km from the property.
en suite bathrooms accompany towels and a shower.
the charming and rural landscape offers surprising views.
on the pest side of budapest, miller hostel is centrally located in the 5th district, 200 metres from the danube river and váci street, and a 3-minute walk from the ferenciek tere m3 metro station.
the rodos palladium staff offers cooking classes and aqua aerobic.
some rooms have sea views towards st helier bay.
the distance to anapa city centre is 5 km.
noclegi autotechnik is located in bielsk podlaski.
ninh binh train station is a 10-minute drive away.
extras include a desk, bed linen and ironing facilities.
each comes with a bathroom featuring a shower.
linen and towels are included.
located near magaliesberg mountain, purple olive guest house offers modern accommodation along with free wi-fi near the historic wonderboom nature reserve.
it offers free wifi and is within a 5-minute walk from restaurants and shops.
it offers free wi-fi and free parking.
offering an indoor pool, best western mountaineer inn morgantown is located in morgantown.
situated in milan, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony. the property features views of the city and is 400 metres from fiera milano city.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwashwer, oven, microwave, and coffee machine.
a chalet comes complete with a fully equipped kitchen.
the hotel also offers a free movie library along with a 24-hour fitness center.
winner of georgina campbell’s “ireland: the guide” host of the year award 2012, this aa rosette-awarded hotel offers 50 modern rooms suitable for families and individuals.
there is also a beach bar right on the beach just across from the apartments.
set 8 km from krasnodar expo in krasnodar, hostel new features free wifi access and free private parking.
each of the air-conditioned rooms at 355 logies benefits from wooden floors and light décor.
served in the conservatory-style dining room with panoramic views, continental or cooked breakfasts are available each morning.
the hotel is 500 metres from hanuman dhoka, 500 metres from kathmandu durbar square and 6 km from swayambhunath temple.
popular dishes from the rhineland area and a varied selection of international cuisine can be enjoyed in the höttche’s rustic restaurant.
fitted with stone walls, each comes with a kitchen, with oven and hobs. a microwave is also provided, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower, and a hairdryer.
the reception is open 24 hours a day, and it is possible to buy guided tours in the hotel’s tour desk.
all air conditioned, rooms at this 4-star hotel feature a balcony, parquet floors and a flat-screen tv.
amenities include a flat-screen cable tv and safety deposit box.
rooms at amade château feature hand-painted wallpaper, hand-woven blankets and individual décor.
its air-conditioned rooms come with a plasma tv and overlook the pool and the gardens.
the yangtze boutique shanghai is a 40-minute drive to shanghai disneyland.
there is a double bedroom, a twin bedroom and a bathroom.
151 bogdan khmelnitski flat features free wifi .
the nearest airport is la rochelle - île de ré airport, 5 km from the property.
it offers free bike hire and a free shuttle to nizza monferrato centre, 2 km away.
each modern room and self-catering apartment at esplanade comes with a private bathroom complete with hairdryer and courtesy set.
air-conditioned rooms at the american palace have wooden furnishings and satellite tv.
ramnicu valcea’s boutique hotel simfonia is located 500 metres from the centre of town and offers a fitness room, spa area, sauna and steam bath.
it offers an outside terrace and many indoor and outdoor leisure activities.
guests can enjoy views of karl johan park.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
boardinghouse la grotta is a 5-minute walk from speyer’s pedestrian area and historic altpörtel city gate.
sea life blackpool and madame tussauds blackpool are a 5-minute drive along the promenade and blackpool pleasure beach is 3 miles away.
quinta do sobreiro is extensive property surrounded by nature that offers great outdoor areas, an outdoor swimming pool and is perfect for a large group of friends or an entire family. located in the scenic town of ponte de lima, this house features free wifi.
the guest house is a 5-minute walk from the via cola di rienzo shopping street.
some rooms include a balcony.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
hannover city centre is 8 km from fair & easy stay, with museums, historic buildings, and plenty of restaurants, cafes, and bars.
the borkheide area is steeped in aviation history, and when known as bork, it was the site of germany’s first motorised flight in 1909.
several choice destinations are within easy reach of the hotel.
breakfast is served in the breakfast room.
the hotel has 22 comfortable simple and double rooms.
free wifi is available .
free public parking is possible on site.
the continental breakfast is served every morning in the dining room or on the patio, which is decorated with colorful tiles.
the curaçao design villa and penthouse features daily cleaning, 24/7 security and an information desk which offers recommendations about what to see and do around the island.
the bathroom is equipped with a bath.
during the ski season, the hotel offers complimentary shuttle service to and from the lift hourly during the day. there is also a complimentary shuttle service with golf cart that can drive the guest around the complex in the summer.
free parking is possible on site and an airport shuttle is available for a surcharge.
a buffet style breakfast is available daily.
it offers magnificent views to the sea, the city of chania and the green landscape towards the lefka ori.
the kitchen features a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
located on the cocos (keeling) islands, this property offers houses with a covered patio and fully equipped kitchen.
huishang hotel is a 6-minute drive from tunxi old street and a 15-minute drive from huangshan airport.
the traditional restaurant offers regional cuisine, game specialities and home-made schnaps.
hotel graal has a lounge, an american bar and 2 restaurants, open throughout the summer and over christmas.
you will find a kettle in the room. the rooms come with a private bathroom.
private bathrooms have a shower.
offering free wi-fi throughout, hotel sotto le stelle offers air-conditioned rooms in the apulia region, 8 km from carovigno.
the menu changes every season.
the hotel is 8.1 km from tayrona park, 300 metres from santa marta cathedral and 600 metres from santa marta gold museum.
holiday home bygmarken sjølund xii is located in sønder bjert. the nearest city, kolding is 15 km away.
klub strzelecki - pokoje gościnne is located in a quiet, green area and offers simple, yet homely accommodation, as well as 24-hour front desk service.
guests can sample traditional uzbek cuisine in the cafés and restaurant just a 10-minute walk away.
air-conditioned rooms feature a simple interior with a desk and an lcd tv that also serves as the pc monitor, for guests to watch movies, play games or work.
free parking is possible nearby.
the seating area is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
the modern bathrooms all include a hairdryer.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a good selection of restaurants is available in the surrounding area.
all apartments are air conditioned and each has a 7 m2 balcony.
the air-conditioned apartments at les venitiennes have a telephone, tv and private bathroom.
located 8 km from the city of privas, and set in a building from the 13th century, château de rochessauve offers a swimming pool in its large garden and a terrace. wi-fi access is available in the public areas.
guests can enjoy massage treatments on site.
tiong nam hotel is located in johor bahru’s masai district, a 5-minute walk from shopping at kip mart masai.
all rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv.
at la candida you will find a garden featuring gazebos and bbq facilities.
langkawi airport is 8.9 km from the property while langkawi ferry terminal is a 30-minute drive away.
a train station is a 5-minute walk away. szántód ferry port and tihany benedictian abbey are within a 35-km reach.
a number of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 10-minute walk.
free parking is available and skegness rail station is just 5 minutes away on foot.
the property’s own café serves local and european cuisine.
hôtel ellington is 1 km from nice's old town and 1.5 km from acropolis congress centre. nice etoile shopping centre is 250 metres away and nice-ville train station is 1 km away.
guests can relax in the garden, complete with outdoor furniture.
conveniently located off highway 97, this fort nelson hotel features an on-site restaurant and bar.
the property offers free parking.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv. some units have a seating area where you can relax.
some also have a balcony, and junior suites boast a spa bath or turkish bath.
green diamond hotel is a 45-minute drive from noi bai international airport.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
guests can enjoy a traditional balinese massage at the kahyangan spa, relax at a quiet courtyard or browse at the hotel’s art gallery.
free wifi access is available.
haus am meer’s restaurant features wooden beams and an open fireplace.
boutique hotel ohad features a shared seating area with sofas and cable tv in the lobby, where massages and day trips to nearby holy places can be organised against a surcharge.
just 350 metres from the entrance to the unesco-listed old town, apartment art dubrovnik provides air-conditioned accommodation fitted with free wifi.
just an 8-minute walk from the beach at viareggio, this charming hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
the property is 36 km from cavtat and free private parking is available.
it takes 45 minutes by car to phoenix international airport.
free wi-fi access is available.
finkenberg’s public outdoor pool is 700 metres and can be used free of charge by guests.
the nearest airport is cardiff airport, 28 km from ship bungalow.
guests are welcome to use produce from the garden and orchard.
each unit has a private bathroom with a shower.
guest house čarman has a wooden rowing boat that you can rent and visit the island in the lake.
the apartment also offers satellite tv and a covered balcony.
you can also dine in the restaurant's winter garden.
the hotel is a 25-minute drive from hualien airport.
rio marina is 7.5 km from the maristella.
the tahoe beach club resort is located directly on beautiful lake george.
it offers charming beach huts and rooms with a private terrace or balcony and ocean views.
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and bath or shower.
the house includes 2 double and 2 twin bedrooms, as well as 2 bathrooms with a shower.
homemade cakes, jams and savoury items are served every morning at the breakfast buffet.
this holiday home is 55 km from billund airport.
in the surrounding area, guests can go hiking, mountain biking or swimming in the nearby rotlech or heiterwanger lake.
the closest store and restaurant can be found within 50 metres from the ela’s apartment.
causeway corner is within a 3-minute walk from the tram, taxi and bus station.
intan mutiara seminyak villa offers a private retreat with a hot tub, library and a private outdoor pool.
each includes a large smart flat-screen tv, mood lighting, an in-room safe, minibar refrigerator, tea/coffee making facilities and free high-speed wi-fi access.
gdansk lech walesa airport is located 13 km from the property.
haikou shangri-la is a 10-minute drive from haikou railway station and a 45-minute drive from haikou international airport.
featuring 360 degree views of walvis bay lagoon, the atlantic ocean and the beach, pelican point lodge is situated at the foot of the historic walvis bay pelican point lighthouse.
lavender luxury resort is a 5-minute drive from bali galleria shopping mall and duty free shops.
all units have a flat-screen tv. some units include a seating area and/or balcony.
a minibar, cable tv and modern wooden furnishings are featured in each room at hotell bele - sweden hotels. all rooms have a bathroom with a hairdryer.
hotel boomerang is located in valverde, the capital of the small canary island of el hierro.
all rooms at scandic luleå have a tv, desk and private bathroom with shower.
the accommodation is provided with a tv, a terrace and a seating area. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a refrigerator, a washing machine and a microwave.
lanna saithong resort is a 5-minute drive from sansai market.
covered by free wifi, all rooms in xiamen jingbang hotel are equipped with a flat-screen tv, a balcony with views, and a private bathroom comes with free toiletries, a hairdryer and slippers.
offering a friendly bar and rooms with free wi-fi, this charming inn is set in the peaceful village of houston.
the staroměstská metro station is just 300 metres away.
this eco-friendly property offers free wi-fi access and a garden with outdoor furniture.
other surcharged facilities offered include a sauna and massages.
rooms at peters guesthouse have parquet floor and wooden furniture.
the 2 bedroom property trafalgarvej is located in hvide sande and is 70 km from billund airport.
super besse ski station is 15 minutes’ drive away.
louisiana museum of modern art is a 40-minute drive from pegasus b&b. frederiksborg castle is within 20 minutes’ drive.
guests can enjoy views of the giza plateau from the rooftop terrace.
a continental breakfast is available every morning at the old castle and can also be brought up to the guest rooms.
the hollywood walk of fame is just 12 minutes’ walk away.
davras skiing centre is 26 km away.
summit county is a home to world-class skiing at breckenridge, keystone, arapahoe basin, loveland, and copper mountain.
with children and adult pools and free wi-fi in the lobby, pousada ilha náutica offers accommodation 1,5 km from florianópolis’ moçambique beach.
an outdoor pool and spa are on site, and bal harbor shopping centre is 7 km away.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a cable/satellite tv and a refrigerator. en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
free wifi is available in the main building.
set in andorra’s ordino valley, hotel sant miquel is just 12 km from vallnord ski resort.
hostal cal mestre is a rustic guest house located within the natural setting of vilallonga de ter, girona.
the property is located on the south-eastern part of samos, 2 km from pythagorio. the monastery of panagia spiliani is at 2 km away.
the property also offers free parking.
it features air-conditioned rooms with balcony or patio offering views to the aegean sea.
the studios offer a modern décor with air conditioning, a fan and flat-screen cable tv.
the family-run filaktos studios is located in skala sotiros within 80 metres from the beach.
rooms have a flat-screen tv.
the luxurious rooms at naladhu private island maldives are fitted with free wi-fi.
featuring free wifi, kuma osaka guesthouse offers accommodation in osaka, 6 km from tsutenkaku.
the facilities include a washing machine and clothes dryer.
a breakfast buffet including hot waffles, pastries, cereal, and juice is served each morning.
the ahornbahn is just 300 metres from the premises.
towels and linen are provided.
at villa montebello you will find bbq facilities and a tour desk.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing and cycling.
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher.
pure citystay bankside is 400 metres from the tate modern, while the river thames is 600 metres away.
the malta is situated 3.5 km from the old market square and offers free private parking.
the nearest airport is cam ranh international airport, 29 km from lasan view.
there are two bathrooms with shower.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
here you can also enjoy various desserts.
lourdes train station is a 34-minute drive from the property.
the restaurant on site is well known for its delicacies and can organise events for large groups upon previous request and availability.
imperial palace is a 10-minute train ride away.
each modern room comes with a flat-screen tv, safety deposit box and minibar.
rome fiumicino airport is 12 km away.
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
rooms and apartments at la rombaia have classic tuscan décor and terracotta floors.
located at the black sea beachfront in shekhvetili, iberia hotel features an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and a garden. free wifi and free private parking are offered in the hotel.
start the day with a tasty breakfast buffet. check your emails using free wireless internet access.
a breakfast buffet is provided each morning at pension eichenhof. this features a lot organic food and most products are farmed on site.
the private bathroom comes with hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
the 24-hour front desk can secure shuttles to jorge newbery domestic airport, which is 5.3 km away.
guests can take trip boats to the cinque terre villages at the harbour located a 20-minute walk away.
the hotel is 2.5km form benitses and 15 km from corfu town.
rooms feature a seating area with a low table with seating cushions, as well as chairs next to windows.
each simple room has a small desk and a tv.
set in the small village of isaba, on the roncal valley and on the banks of the river esca, pension txiki offers a nice location for outdoor activities in the pyrenees.
the barbecue facilities are also provided.
the well-equipped spa centre includes a sauna and hot tub.
vilnius airport is 5 km from the property.
breakfast for a charge is available, it includes coffee, juice, butter, ham, and croissants.
shuttle service is provided on request.
simply furnished room have satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower.
the styrassic park is just 2 km away.
ośrodek wczasowy polino is located in the city centre, 200 metres from the stars promenade.
it offers comfortable rooms and the convenience of a 24-hour front desk. free wi-fi is available throughout.
oustau camarguen has 31 rooms and 8 suites for you to choose from.
at the wanderlust hostel guests have access to a garden, barbecue facilities and a fire pit. other facilities include free storage for ski equipment and a closet featuring many costumes available for guest use.
ece saray marina is 5 km from hotel bahar, while fethiye marina is 5 km from the property. the nearest airport is dalaman airport, 29 km from the property.
trento is a 1-hour drive away.
the private bathroom has a bathtub and a shower.
the à la carte restaurant on site serves tasty dishes, such as grilled steak or fish.
the bathrooms offer a bath, hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can have a good time in the babylon aquapark 5 km from the apartment or the ještěd sport centre 8 km away, visit the zoological and the botanical gardens in liberec 6 km from the property or enjoy the vista from the ještěd lookout tower 8 km away.
a shared kitchen is also available, while trendy restaurants and cocktail bars can be found on the promenade.
it offers an outdoor pool, restaurant and a bar.
at plaza motel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
it features an outdoor pool, a sauna and free wi-fi access.
there is also a fireplace and a table tennis.
each bedroom has an en-suite bathroom.
you can aldo go fishing with free fishing rods provided by zambak.
walking trails to the gran sasso mountain start from the property.
shops can be found within 600 m.
shops and traditional restaurants are 800 metres away.
the apartments have 1 or 2 bathrooms with a hairdryer.
phuwanalee resort is 5 km from palio khao yai and 10 km from khao yai national park.
the property has private parking, and the staff can help the guests with information about interesting touristic spots and sightseeing in the vicinity.
wifi is accessible for free throughout its premises.
the nearest airport is netaji subhash chandra bose international airport, 16 km from the property.
marina porto real píer is 15 minutes away by boat.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the hotel landgut ochsenkopf offers peaceful, cosy, cottage-styled en suite rooms.
air-conditioned rooms at nh hesperia barcelona del mar come with flat-screen tv, safe, and a minibar.
this all-suite hotel is located 10 minutes’ drive from ebing air national guard base and boasts an outdoor pool and a patio with barbecue facilities. university of arkansas - fort smith is 4 miles away.
the hotel offers a complementary hot breakfast, snacks, coffee and tea.
some rooms have views of moscow city centre.
it takes 10 minutes by taxi to guangzhou east railway station.
these modern-designed cottages are located on the island of tjörn, about 500 metres from the kattegat sea.
it is served in the breakfast room of the ca' fortuny, or on the terrace in good weather.
the private rooms at prussia each have a flat-screen tv, a kettle, and an en suite bathroom with shower.
some rooms also include a desk and sofa.
most units have views of the garden or the aegean sea.
it is about 10 minutes' drive from orosei.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 14 km from philisa na neve.
guests can also request for laundry and dry cleaning services.
featuring free taxi service, the convention centre & royal suites hotel is located in the heart of the kuwait free trade zone.
breakfast is served every morning in the dining room, which also serves traditional polish dishes upon prior request.
located in the historic centre of vienna, apartment am gestade is set next to one of the oldest gothic churches of the city, maria am gestade, dating back to the 14th century.
the 2-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv, air conditioning and a computer.
plaza de san miguel and san miguel market are just 850 metres from the apartment.
in the vicinity of the fortuna there are 4 unspoilt pebble beaches.
situated in świnoujście’s resort district, sun&snow promenada is 1.1 km from the city’s centre.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
guests can explore the city using the property’s free bicycles, or through tours and excursions arranged by the hotel's reception during the weekends.
the apartment can accommodate up to 4 persons.
rainò villa is recommended by a number of guidebooks.
there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
la terrazza del chiostro, the relais’s restaurant, serves tuscan and italian dishes out on the terrace.
you can play mini-golf at the property, and the area is popular for horse riding.
each room has a minibar and a seating area. the attached bathroom comes with a bathtub with whirlpool.
enjoying garden views, elegant rooms are decorated in brown tones.
each one has views of the swimming pool, sea, or mountains.
it is a 15-minute ride from luang prabang international airport.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar.
each comes with a flat-screen tv and a refrigerator.
tapik beach park guest house is a 30-minute boat ride from imorigui island.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
certain rooms feature views of the garden or city.
motorcyclists are welcome to use the hotel garage free of charge.
free private parking is possible on site.
free wi-fi access is available throughout.
apartamentos centro financiero-bernabeu is located in madrid’s cuatro caminos district, just 10 minutes’ walk from real madrid’s santiago bernabéu stadium.
an afternoon buffet of homemade cakes is offered twice a week, while a cheese buffet is featured weekly.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the 1-bedroom apartment features a living room with a sofa bed and a dining table.
each features a minibar and 42-inch lcd cable tv.
room service is available.
some also have a patio with beautiful views of the surrounding mountains and the garden.
de dames van de jonge hotel restaurant is situated next to calm water in giethoorn and near the weerribben wieden national park. it has a boat rental to explore the lake area of the charming village of giethoorn.
free wi-fi is available in all guest rooms.
the ferry harbour is 2 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
hairdryers are also available on request.
gunnersbury park tennis courts and a swimming pool with sports facilities can all be found within a 10-minute walk of the property.
the dining room for the buffet breakfast is open from 07:00 to 10:00.
the brownstone bed and no breakfast manhattan is 1 mile from lincoln center and 2 miles from rockefeller center.
it has an outdoor swimming pool and spacious en-suite guest rooms with free wi-fi.
featuring a balcony with sea view, all rooms at the view have a private pool.
access to 2 onsite pools and hot tubs are featured.
the old town can be reached in a 25-minute walk.
the old jaffa district of tel aviv, known for its many shops, restaurants, cafés, and nightlife, is 30-minute walk away.
free parking is available on site upon request.
the tauernradweg (bicycle trail) leads directly past the hotel.
breakfast is served each morning at the hotel.
options include international dishes at goji kitchen & bar, chinese cuisine at wan hao chinese restaurant, japanese cuisine at soba factory, and thai at siam tea room.
hotel bayview also has a business centre, beauty salon and free private parking.
guests can head to molyma’s 24-hour reception for assistance with laundry, ironing or luggage storage services.
next to mercedes benz world, brooklands hotel has a spa, free wi-fi and free parking. it has an art deco inspired décor and is located within brooklands motor racing circuit.
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge. a tv is provided. there is a private bathroom with a bidet.
the hospedería de cuenca enjoys views over the jucar river and a lovely tranquil setting in the rural surroundings of the castile mancha region.
they also have a balcony.
all rooms in privat cingel come with a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower.
the closest grocery store is 300 metres away.
the palace of the republic is 800 metres away.
guests can enjoy a range of local cuisine in the etxeberri’s restaurant, including fish and meat dishes.
a special diet menu can also be arranged.
located in playa del inglés, sol barbacan is only 2 km from the nearest beach.
oktyabarskaya metro station is a 5-minute walk away.
at hotel del valle, enjoy santiago guests have access to natura vitale wellness spa equipped with a fitness centre, and a heated indoor and outdoor swimming pool.
at casa do gibson guests will find a garden and public transportation available on the front gate of the premises.
guests are welcome to prepare meals in the shared kitchen at the hotel.
the rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a shower.
atelier ciel is a 3-bedroom house with fully equipped kitchen, offering lake and mountain views from the balcony.
featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
golden villa by mypattayastay is a villa with an outdoor pool, situated in pattaya south, 2.1 km from walking street pattaya.
the 24-hour reception has a ticket service and can also arrange shuttles to pulkovo airport, a 35-minute drive away.
some rooms have a fireplace.
weather permitting; meals can be enjoyed on the property’s terrace.
charles de gaulle airport is 24 km away from lokappart – assas.
both stations connect to heathrow airport and theatreland via the piccadilly line.
extras include bed linens and free toiletries.
holiday home østerbyvej sydals offers rooms with a view over the landscape and is located in vibøge.
at hostal calle real you will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and free parking.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the scenic beaches of makris gialos and platis gialos are at 3 km.
the indira gandhi international airport is 15 km away.
the hostel also provides tour and ticketing services.
hotel venetsiya features free wifi throughout the property.
at nueva estancia you will find a terrace. the property offers free parking.
bodhi villa is a 20-minute drive from ubud town and a 35-minute drive from the famous monkey forest.
each room here will provide you with cable tv and a seating area.
o'higgings park is 900 metres from margaritas hostal, while museo del pasado cuyano is 1.9 km away.
overlooking the adriatic sea, it offers free wi-fi and air-conditioned accommodation with furnished balconies.
camping 3 gs also includes an outdoor pool.
the traditionally furnished rooms at hotel rossbad feature a shower and a toilet.
this resort is 65 km from mae fah luang – chiang rai international airport.
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
bed linen is included.
harrisburg international airport is 13 miles away. the hotel is 1 mile from the shoppes at susquehanna market place.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
la suite du marché aux fleurs offers self-catering accommodation in montpellier historical centre.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 17 km from incity.
facilities include an oven, a microwave, a coffee machine and a flat-screen tv.
a flat-screen tv is available.
free wifi access is available.
the bar will serve your favourite drink.
two bedroom las olas penthouse apartment is a 2-minute walk from mamita's beach, and a number of restaurants and cafés can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 52 km from holiday home kazasa 74.
new smyrna beach city centre is just 8 minutes’ drive from best western edgewater inn.
every room has a shared bathroom.
meribel, courchevel and les menuires ski resort are all within a 40-minute drive.
the property offers free parking.
you can play tennis, billiards and squash at the property, and car hire is available.
the ferry port with the main bus station is 850 metres from i apartment, while split airport is about 20 km away.
free wi-fi access is available.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
extras include satellite channels.
decorated in shades of warm apricot, each luxurious unit comes with a minibar, a seating area with a sofa, a work desk and a wardrobe.
the lodge features individual chalets, spread along the western coast of the island and overlooking the natural parkland.
select suites at this west florida lido islander inn and suites include a seating area with a sofa bed.
the on-site fitness centre has cardiovascular machines and free weights for guests' work out needs.
the property features a sun terrace.
batumi airport is 42 km away.
s sukhumvit suites is situated between sukhumvit soi 21 and 23 beside asoke bts train station and opposite to terminal 21 shopping mall.
you can drive to valencia and its airport in just over 1 hour.
a rain shower is included in an en suite bathroom.
guests can enjoy simple european breakfast including toast, coffee and juice at the dining area.
furnished in modern or rustic alpine style, the rooms offer a balcony, a flat-screen satellite tv, a seating area, and a bathroom with bathrobes and a hairdryer.
the mountain-view apartments feature parquet floors, and exposed wooden beams on the ceilings.
these orlando blue heron resort by florida getaways apartments include access to an outdoor pool with a hot tub, fitness centre, and wired internet. disney springs is 2.2 km away.
varese train station, a 6-minute drive away, offers connections with milan where the expo 2015 takes place.
there are adjoining hiking and cycling trails that will take you into margaret river.
there is a common kitchen at pensão prata, where guests can enjoy their meals.
a washing machine and an iron are available.
guests are invited to explore fabulite’s garden and free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
asia garden hotel is located in ningbo, 1 km from the shopping outlets at tianyi square.
the hotel serves a range of cuisines including chinese and italian.
guests of chalupa zmišovice can take a stroll in a garden, relax on a sun terrace or enjoy themselves cycling or hiking.
mariscal sucre airport is 7 km away and plaza grande square is 10 km away.
browse the shops of edison mall (10.6 km) or spend an afternoon at sun splash family waterpark (11.5 km).
cinque terre national park is a 40-minute drive from la corte di candido, while vara river is 2 km away, where guests can canoe or raft.
elegant rooms feature touches of bucovina and maramures elements and views of the surroundings from the balcony.
at the garden apartment you will find a garden. the property offers free parking.
there is a restaurant offering regional and international dishes, and drinks from the bar can be enjoyed by the pool.
soak up the sun while reading a book on the terrace.
the unit is 9 km from the centre of larnaca.
you can park your car free of charge in front of the hotel.
la seu d’urgell cathedral and the historic downtown are 3 km away.
located in bang lamung, baan den lar offers fully furnished accommodation with a private balcony overlooking the city.
at ktima ravanou you will find a garden.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
rooms at the aljandar are brightly decorated and offer sea or garden views from their balconies.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. a toaster, a fridge and stovetop are also available, as well as a kettle.
offering free use of an indoor pool with sun loungers, adrion aparthotel also features a spa centre with finnish sauna, steam bath and a heated bench.
free private parking is possible on site.
seeb airport is 12 km away.
shops can be found a 3-minute drive from apartments lille hus.
there is either a terrace or balcony with a view of the lake.
a bar is also available.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out nicklaus north golf course 3 km away and alpha lake park 5 km away.
during the day pancakes, waffles and ice cream are served.
they include flat-screen satellite tv, a safe and en-suite bathroom with hairdryer.
a washing machine is also provided in all of the ams brussels flats.
the hotel also has an outdoor pool with swim-up bar.
residence louie is located in seoul and offers self-catering accommodation.
some rooms offer beautiful views over gelendzhik bay.
there is a seating area and a kitchen.
it features a bathroom with a bathtub and an washing machine.
located in truskavets, apartments truskavets an 18-minute walk from truskavets train station.
the university of oregon is 10 minutes’ drive from the bed and breakfast.
the nearest airport is genoa cristoforo colombo airport, 44 km from the property.
at hotel madurodam baturaden you will find a garden, a terrace and karaoke facilities the friendly staff can help arrange for car hire, airport transfer and shuttle service.
coeur senegal boasts an outdoor swimming pool and direct beach access 850 metres from somone town centre.
the hotel features an indoor pool, outdoor seasonal pool, sauna, hammam, spa and wellness centre.
super 8 xintiandi is 2 km from li hongzhang former residence and 4 km from memorial temple of lord bao.
the pouso alegre bus station is 20 km from the guesthouse and parking is free.
further, the surrounding area offers a variety of activities from golf to thermal water health cures.
on-site parking is available for an additional fee.
with free wi-fi and free parking, it is surrounded by the stunning pembrokeshire coast national park.
a business center, 24-hour front desk and on-site laundry facilities are also available.
it has a private ground, seasonal swimming pool and a terrace with garden furniture.
extras include a desk and bed linen.
towels and bed linen are available.
the rooms are simply-furnished, fitted with a balcony, a cable tv and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
asturias airport is 110 km from the property.
puerto del rosario is 33 km from the house and a 35-minute drive will take you to los lagos.
the grounds of this 1920s farmhouse include a swimming pool, bbq, bowling green and football pitch.
located in simferopol, prostye veshchi hotel offers free wi-fi.
saint-denis is 39 km from kaz ocean, while cilaos is 18 km away.
the functional and comfortable rooms feature air conditioning and a full bathroom with a shower.
ferienpark-canow features homelike bungalows with classic-style interiors.
cesenatico is 24 km away.
this air-conditioned apartment set in a new building in rovinj, 700 metres from rovinj marina. featuring free private parking, the apartment is 700 metres from carera street in rovinj.
some have a balcony.
featuring a bath or shower, the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
set close the heart of the cosmopolitan corfu, this air-conditioned apartment enjoys magnificent sea views from its furnished balcony.free wifi is offered.
featuring an outdoor pool, suites miraflores offers self-catering apartments in lima.
various services are offered by the property, such as an airport shuttle, luggage storage and laundry.
situated in astana, 5 km from bayterek monument, hotel shah features free wifi access and free private parking. the hotel has a spa centre and sauna, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
the on-site restaurant serves traditional local cuisine and classic italian dishes.
situated in fujiazhuang village, dalian zhongxia garden hotel is a 20-minute drive from dalian train station.
the pretty coastal village of robin hood’s bay is 6 miles from the town and has many pubs, restaurants and tea rooms.
some dormitory rooms offer bunk beds.
there is also a fridge, microwave and coffee maker, as well as an oven and hob.
free wired internet access is available and guests have access to free on-site parking.
all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
szentendre train station with frequent links to other parts of the country is 3 km from the family holiday.
some rooms offer beautiful views of the aegean sea.
at hostal fortaleza inn guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
located in primorsko, guest house natali offers free wifi.
it takes 1 hour by car to guilin railway station. liangjiang international airport is about 1.5 hours’ drive away.
the nearest airport is ioannis kapodistrias airport, within 1.5 km from europe hotel, while the central bus station is at 1 km.
restaurant kappo tsuzumi prides itself in exquisite japanese cooking, presented in beautiful japanese dining ware.
this hotel has a ski school, a ski pass sales point and ski storage space and ski equipment hire is available.
grooms park is 8 minutes' drive away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
le domaine de villepey is set in foret communale des arcs a 4-hectares parkland, 3 km from the beach of st aygulf.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the property offers an furnished terrace with barbeque possibilities and is situated on a large natural plot.
you can book a whole day with treatments or just take a single massage.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
located in marrakech, just a 6-minute walk from jemaâ el fna square, riad villa harmonie offers a central patio with flowers and a rooftop terrace with sun loungers.
it lies in the centre of the spa town of nieheim, in the teutoburg countryside.
with large windows overlooking the garden and the city, rooms at papiros hotel are very bright.
free wi-fi is available in the entire hotel.
just a 10-minute walk from penrith stadium, astina serviced apartments - parkside offers free wifi and free on-site parking.
there is also free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv, an ipod docking station, and tea and coffee-making facilities.
guests can find a super market, restaurants and shops at 300 metres from journey’s end.
in the mornings you can have breakfast out on your own balcony and enjoy the enchanting view, while at night you can indulge in the comfort of your brightly decorated room.
there is an outdoor swimming pool.
situated close to cafes, pubs and eateries, ken guesthouse is just 20 metres from the beach and 1 km from suoi tien amusement park.
the guest house has a communal kitchen and a café.
access to the burgerbad public spa is included in all rates, except on the day of departure.
the 24-hour front desk services include concierge, currency exchange and luggage storage.
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings, include hiking.
18-hole course.
offering a children's playground, gorgippiya hotel is located in vityazevo in the krasnodar krai region, 250 metres from the black sea coast.
guest rooms at the hotel pont royal are air-conditioned.
a children’s playground and a ping-pong table are also provided.
babie lato is 400 metres from the okuninka bus stop.
facilities include satellite tv, a microwave and a coffee machine.
they are equipped with air conditioning, a minibar, and a private bathroom.
offering panoramic mountain views, this guesthouse is 1.5 km from the cable cars and 800 metres from the centre of wagrain.
hotel palace is 10 minutes’ walk from the convention centre.
at floresta tour there is a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
alicante airport is 61 km away.
a dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen.
pulkovo airport is 24 km from the property.
rinan's holiday home offers pet-friendly accommodation in baga.
dalaman airport is 30 km from pasha villas.
the property also offers packed lunches and mini-market.
the hotel offers free bicycles. free wifi is available in all areas.
breakfast is delivered to apartments upon request.
you can relax by the fireplace in the lobby bar or at the bar overlooking the swimming pool, accompanied by a wide selection of wines.
holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 1.1 km from apartment on takaishvili, while piazza is 1.4 km from the property. the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 5 km from the property.
it offers self-catering accommodation with balcony and free wifi access.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the large shopping mall galeria krakowska which is 1.5 km away and the stunning old market square is 1 km from the apartamenty koletek 3.
each apartment scheibel features a private entrance, bright interiors, satellite tv and views of the garden.
other amenities include a sofa seating area and a flat-screen tv. shower facilities are in an en suite bathroom.
guests will find restaurants, bars and shops within 30 metres from the property.
the town of boppard is 5 km away.
free wifi access is available.
the guest house is 100 metres from george kountouriotis manor.
other attractions, including mae sa waterfall and a monkey school, are a short drive away.
all of the rooms at chambres d'hôtes les pierres taillées feature a simple décor and an independent entrance.
breakfast is served every morning in the common dining area and an array of menu options are available in the restaurant for dinner.
a breakfast buffet is also served in the mornings.
thanos village is made up of 25 studios, apartments and villas, scattered on the hillside and surrounded by lemon and olive groves. all spacious units have balconies with views of the bay.
fitted with well-chosen furnishings and cocomat mattresses and pillows, all air-conditioned units include a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
with 24-hour front desk, the property is a 5-minute drive from the museum of the asian-african conference.
the nearest airport is norwich international airport, 28 km from the old craft shop.
suvarnabhumi international airport is about a 2.5-hour drive away.
the fully equipped kitchen features an oven, a microwave and a fridge.
it features self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi and balcony overlooking the mediterranean sea.
rooms come equipped with a private bathroom and flat-screen tv with tnt channels.
there is a green garden, perfect for afternoon relaxation.
public transportation vehicles such as tram and buses are within a walking distance.
vihula manor country club & spa is a hidden treasure on the northern coast of estonia, set amidst the pristine lahemaa national park close to the baltic sea.
all air-conditioned rooms include balcony, a flat-screen cable tv, a phone and a minibar.
its living area comes with sofas and a tv.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing, cycling and hiking.
baan boran is located in bangkok city, a 5-minute walk from the lively khaosan road.
the centre of kraljevica is 2 km away, while the city of rijeka is at a distance of 19 km from captain's apartment with sea view.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out frances beach (1.7 km).
bremen city centre is about 5 km away from the bremer apartmenthotel.
landeck is 16 km away and free private parking is possible on site.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
every room has a private bathroom.
bingin inn offers a tropical retreat, a 5-minute drive from padang padang beach.
zoosafari fasanolandia is a 10-minute drive from the vecchio mulino hotel.
located next to naudersberg castle, hotel berghof offers private transfers to the bergkastel cable car, ski-to-door access, and free wi-fi.
free wi-fi access is available.
offering a spa and wellness centre and sun terrace, taleju boutique hotel is situated in the thamel district in kathmandu, 900 metres from hanuman dhoka.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
featuring free wifi and a spa centre, yangzhou seclusion averatec phoenix island resort & spa offers superior accommodation in yangzhou. the resort has a hot spring bath and hot tub, guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
a buffet is available for breakfast.
cervantes’ house is within a 10-minute walk of the convento santa clara.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out la cartuja island (1.1 km) and barrio santa cruz (1.9 km).seville airport is located 9 km away.
there is a flat-screen tv, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with a shower or a bath in each of them.
drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar around the clock.
free wi-fi access and a free continental breakfast are provided.
this bed and breakfast is located on the edge of den burg in a peaceful setting.
with a private entrance and views of the garden, the rustic-style apartments have outdoor furniture.
the ski area of großer arber (germany) is within 10 km.
the reception has sofa where guest can relax and read newspapers and magazines.
guest rooms at the grandes rousses are all equipped with satellite tv and private bathrooms.
this rustic-style guest house is located in the north of tolyatti, between tsentralniy and avtozavodskiy districts.
the rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv.
binshe trip stage inn in chengdu has a 24-hour front desk.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
free parking with space for large trucks is available at mount vernon super 8.
boasting a contemporary décor, accommodation will provide guests with a tv, air conditioning and a terrace.
la via del sole is 2 minutes’ drive from vezzano ligure.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 16 km from the property.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool, sierra sky lodge is located in graegle, california.
casetta gialla is set a 10-minute drive from la spezia, and offers accommodation with free wifi.
with panoramic views over the fez medina from its large terrace, and serving traditional moroccan cuisine, ryad naila offers an authentic moroccan experience.
willa nova is located in the centre of jawor, just 800 metres from jawor railway station.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 6 km from easy villa.
a flat-screen tv is available.
vending machines for snacks and drinks are provided for your convenience.
extras include ironing facilities and a fan.
ticket service and luggage storage are offered with an additional charge.
set in miramare di rimini, these self-catering apartments feature a balcony and free wi-fi. the beach is a few steps away.
the private bathroom includes a shower, a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
for convenience, the guesthouse offers a 24-hour front desk and safety deposit boxes.
a bus stops right next to the house and free wi-fi is available.
holiday home kamillevej tranekær x is located in skattebølle.
area 47 adventure park near ötz is a 20-minute drive.
at green leaves hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
free wi-fi is provided in all rooms and public areas.
each room at the b&b colle sul mare will provide you with a flat-screen tv.
some rooms have a private bathroom, while others share one.
offering a restaurant, ehlathini lodge is perched on a hill in marken overlooking the bushveld and distant waterberg mountains.
dom ministerstv bus stop, providing connections around astana, is a minute’s walk from bayterek hotel.
free private parking is also available on site.
located 9 km from lenexpo exhibition complex, budget apartment for 4 adults offers pet-friendly accommodation in saint petersburg.
adler-sochi international airport is 3 km from the property.
simon bolivar park, a popular venue for concerts and outdoor entertainment is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
private parking is possible on site as a first come first serve basis with additional parking around the hotel.
room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
conveniently located in bursa, camlibel hotel is within a walking distance from historical sites such as ulu mosque, grand bazaar and ottoman museum.
this chalet has 5 bedrooms, a kitchen, a corner sleeping area and 3 bathrooms. 2 out of the 4 toilets are separate.
at the foot of mount etna in the village of santa venerina, villa francesca offers free wifi and refined rooms with a balcony.
each has a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer.
amfibius water park is 2 km from apartment na kirpichnaya, while aquatoria dolphinarium is 2.6 km from the property.
the property is 300 metres from cafeterias and restaurants.
the classically decorated rooms are equipped with a microwave, small fridge and coffee and tea-making facilities.
holiday inn express west atlantic city features an outdoor pool and on-site fitness center. after a free breakfast, guests stay connected with the hotel's free wireless internet access and staffed business center.
the apartment is fitted with parquet floors, and it comes with a flat-screen tv and a washing machine.
furnished with modern décor and vibrant colours, the rooms are equipped with air-conditioning, a fan and a tv.
a 20-minute bus ride from liaocheng university, grace inn liuyuan road features accommodation with free wi-fi and flat-screen satellite tvs.
central columbia, missouri, can be reached in 23 minutes’ drive.
conveniently placed just a 5-minute drive to tan son nhat international airport, hoang thanh thuy hotel 1 features free wi-fi access and free parking facilities for those who drive.
the reception is open 24 hours a day and there is a cosy shared kitchen, where coffee and tee is available free of charge.
the indira gandhi international airport is 20 km.
in the evening, enjoy à la carte delights in the norderstedter hof’s kaminzimmer restaurant.
guadalajara international airport is a 35-minute drive away.
the large salt-water outdoor pool is situated next to the beach and bar selling light meals.
the rooms have tiled floors and are decorated in neutral colours.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
apartments and studios feature garden views and a flat-screen tv. they also have a private bathroom with a shower.
it offers self-catering accommodation with a balcony, free sauna and a whirlpool and free wi-fi.
paraty bus station is 1.2 km from pousada aldeia paratii, while paraty airport is 1.9 km away.
at latitude 8, guests can enjoy a great coffee and evening snacks in a relaxing atmosphere.
lakes region casino is 10 miles away.
the beautiful old town is only 900 metres away.
the bathroom is conveniently equipped with a hairdryer and amenities.
free parking is provided.
guests can relax with the newspaper or a book in the spacious bar.
grand central station and the united nations are located in midtown east.
all rooms have plenty of natural light, and are fitted with a dvd player.
guests can unwind in the sauna, or enjoy a relaxing massage.
a full breakfast is offered daily, including a wide array of hot and cold items.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for snorkelling.
ollanta inn is located near to the most important mall in the city, plaza vea shopping mall.
sandwiches are available in the bar, and guests can enjoy afternoon tea in the leafy gardens or the cosy lounge.
the bruntal aquapark is 20 km away.
fitted with wood floors, the cosy apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, washing machine and a private bathroom.
it features a ski storage room and it is a 10-minute walk from the hochpustertal sillian ski area.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 84 km from guest house korolev.
its restaurant serves traditional andalusian cuisine.
the imperial fora are 1.5 km from the property, while termini train station is only 2 metro stops away.
it is 450 metres to the nearest coast tram stop, which halts at knokke, de panne and other seaside resorts at the belgian coast.
all air-conditioned rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom.
bluebay pension is located on the northern shore of jeju island, a 3-minute drive east of the famous ihotewu beach.
the airport is just 15 minutes’ drive away.
the spacious apartments of the copperbottom inn feature a fully equipped kitchen and a wood-burning fireplace.
the air-conditioned rooms are spacious and feature a simple décor.
this hotel is located only 1 km from the airport, the exhibition centre and the congress centre.
the buchan braes hotel is located in boddam on the outskirts of peterhead and offers stylish, modern accommodation and free on-site parking.
the nearby seaside promenade features bars, restaurants, taverns, tennis courts and other sports facilities.
the accommodation features free access to wifi and private parking facilities, a garden and a snack bar.
wellness and spirituality is a key focus at the farm at san benito, a spacious resort in lipa city.
each is air-conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv and a private bathroom.
hyderabad airport is 22 km away, while ramoji film city – one of the world’s largest film studios – is 40 km away.
dvds and a safe can be rented at reception.
it is 6.5 km from national transport and toy museum.
the nearest tram stop is just 1.5 km away.
a shuttle or helicopter service to the airports can be arranged by the hotel team as well.
located near jomtien beach, debonair grande offers a spacious six-bedroom villa with private pool.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
at holiday home strandgårdsvej denm you will find a terrace with furniture including sun loungers.
there is a kitchen with a dining table.
each apartment comes with a large open-space living room with a dining area and a sofa.
laundry, car rental and sightseeing tour services are available.
rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
guests may prepare their own meals at the property’s shared kitchen, equipped with oven with hobs.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a living area.
they also feature a private bathroom fitted with an italian shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
private bathrooms come with hot/cold showers.
there is a seating area and a kitchen.
the garden is fitted with tables and chairs.
guests can enjoy sun bathing or reading at the terrace embracing the pool.
located in the heart of sarlat-la-canéda, la maison des poètes & spa offers self-catering accommodation and a spa and wellness centre, as well as free wi-fi access.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
located a 3 hours’ drive from melbourne, local attractions include the port of sale, lake guthridge and ninety mile beach.
at totorilla vichuquen guests will find a garden and a terrace.
this property’s location makes it an excellent base to discover dordogne’s caves and castles, as well as sarlat-la-canéda, which train station is located just 1.5 km away.
plaza de mayo square is 1.2 km from departamento en san telmo, while cabildo is 1.2 km away.
the price includes free entrance to aqua forum.
this guest house is located in the heart of st. petersburg, within a 5-minute walk of palace square and the hermitage museum.
enjoy a massage at the spa and wellness centre or stop by the 24-hour reception.
the nearest airport is kithira airport, 28 km from the property.
ierapetra town is within 19 km, while elounda and lato are 10 km away.
featuring free wifi, onai hostel offers accommodations in nevados de chillan mountain range, where guests can enjoy wonderful views during winter or summer of nearby volcanoes.
shared bathroom also comes with a shower.
laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are also offered at a surcharge.
lunch and dinner are served at the sunny bar alba, which boasts floor-to-ceiling windows.
the sushi bar is also available.
hr residencies is located in colombo, 3.4 km from sri lanka national museum.
within 400 m shops can be found.
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
posada del infante posada real's heated rooms feature elegant, traditional decor.
a variety of restaurants and shops lies within walking distance from the property.
the restaurant serves traditional albanian food.
a bar is also there.
mcmahon stadium is 10 km from rocky mountain homestay, while devonian gardens is 11 km from the property.
the comfortable and luxurious rooms at atrium hotel are soundproofed and come with bathrobes, slippers and bathroom cosmetics. they are decorated in shades of beige and dark greys and all rooms are equipped with free wi-fi and flat-screen tv.
there is a wide choice of restaurants and bars.
you can reach the beach in around 20 minutes' drive.
for guests’ convenience, fort collins days inn provides a 24-hour front desk and a safety deposit box.
pokoje fiesta features free wifi throughout the property.
the nearest city, plauen, is in 13 km.
lamb meals are available.
the niva niwa lodge is a convenient rest stop for visitors who want to visit the tamang village which is just 3 km away to take part in the famous village walk.
the holiday inn express is 20 miles from pioneer village, a historical western town.
the beach offers swimming and guests can enjoy a stroll along this white sand beach.
rooms here will provide you with a tv.
villa magnolia is situated at the walcheren coast, in a quiet area near oostkapelle (1 km) and domburg (3 km). the beach is 800 metres away.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a balcony, free wifi throughout, and a restaurant with verandah.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 5 km from the property.
the hotel has a restaurant and a bar where activities are organised a few nights per week.
hotel laguna 24 is located near the industrial area in bogota and offers a daily complimentary breakfast, free wi-fi access, and can accommodate large groups.
appartamento masi offers pet-friendly accommodation in lasino. trento is 19 km away.
only minutes away from johannesburg city centre, homebase melville offers accommodation with an outdoor pool and bbq facilities in johannesburg.
the restaurant with its charming terrace serves delicious hungarian and international cuisine.
overlooking the alentejo countryside, this hotel features an infinity-edge swimming pool, free wi-fi and rooms with private balconies.
if you feel like exploring the area, you can hike through mountains and the fjords.
at resort sun cruise you will find a korean seafood restaurant, a restaurant that serves western cuisine, a sky lounge and a bakery.
from 7am-11pm.
it offers modern self-catering accommodation with air conditioning, as well as an on-site restaurant and a bar.
free parking is available at the designhotel.
free parking is provided by pension zur weide.
the rooms are built out of natural materials like brick, wood and bamboo.
there are meeting facilities available.
spread over 2 floors, the house offers a seating area with a fireplace and a tv. there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and a dishwasher.
some offer ocean views or views of lorne pier.
guest at termas hotel cristal can enjoy the garden, fitness centre and free bikes available.
including free wi-fi access, the rooms at regina feature a minibar, heating and telephone.
the pont nou bridge over the river segre is 10 minutes’ walk away, while the bustling plaça del mercadal square, which holds a market on saturdays, is 900 metres away.
the menu includes fresh fruits and juices, plus regional homemade specialities.
you will find shops, bars, and restaurants, within a 10-minute walk of the apartment.
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
you can play table tennis at the bed and breakfast. the bed and breakfast also offers free use of bicycles.
slippers and free toiletries come with the private bathroom.
palms merimbula offers guests a free airport shuttle and free parking.
a former famous bakery in the 1970’s, hotel la panaderia is located in benquerencia de la serena, in badajoz.
the nearest airport is malaga airport, 60 km from the property.
ibis malioboro is a 10-minute walk from sultan’s palace and water castle. the famous borobudur temple is approximately 40 minutes away by car.
chiang kai-shek memorial hall is a 27-minute mrt ride away, while the taiwan taoyuan international airport is about a 50-minute drive away.
the property is 12 km from honfleur and 37 km from le havre.
st. mary's basilica is 800 metres from cracow city apartments lubicz, while cloth hall is 900 metres from the property.
shenzhen bao'an international airport is 65 km away.
qobroni features free wifi .
the nearest bus stop is 150 metres away and turin-cuneo levaldigi airport is 25 minutes away by car.
moomba is a casual beachfront restaurant offering tapas and a place to dance.
free wifi access is available in the public areas of this homestay.
residenza al castello is a traditional mountain house of 3 floors, and offers large apartments with panoramic balcony and wooden furniture.
free wifi is accessible in all areas.
parking is free of charge.
for other meals you can choose between the international restaurant and the restaurant serving local specialities.
set in adler, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. apartment na demokraticheskoy boasts views of the mountain and is 5 km from sochi discovery world aquarium.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
each room offers garden views and a private bathroom.
minsk train station is 26.5 km away, and minsk national airport is 29.6 km from vip raubichi holiday home.
other facilities offered include room service, luggage storage and a laundry service.
offering free wifi access in all areas, romely house st peter apartment is a bright apartment located in the aurelio district of rome.
at bait vegl you will find free shuttle service, a garden and barbecue facilities.
a flat-screen tv and a dvd player are available in all units.
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport, 6 km from anthea gardens 2.
there is a living space with a tv, sofa and dining table, while the kitchenette is equipped with a hob, toaster, microwave and fridge.
linen is included in all rooms.
haus gadafent has a ski storage room, a garden with barbecue facilities, and a games room with table tennis.
mariscal lamar airport is a 7-minute drive.
this homestay is 8 km from pinto martins airport.
it offers suites with cable tv, fully equipped kitchens and free wi-fi.
hotel golf campoamor has a fitness centre and offers more than 100,000m2 of sports facilities.
mil palmeras is a detached holiday home with an outdoor pool, set in pilar de la horadada.
the room overlooks the desert.
each comes with a tv and elegant bathrooms with toiletries.
located in budapest, 400 metres from the corvin negyed and metro stop, apartment sophia is a fully furnished accommodation with free wifi access.
private bathrooms also come with towels.
hotel berghof has a ski storage room with boot drying facilities.
at casa 260 guests will find a 24-hour front desk and daily housekeeping.
melville hall airport is 1 hours’ drive away.
you will find a coffee machine in the room. a flat-screen tv is featured.
the mayan ruins of tulum are 100 km from diving lodge puerto morelos, while cancun international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
the property is 200 metres from knight's palace.
mountain biking and hiking are popular leisure activities in the area.
il vecchio marsala features free wifi throughout the property.
villa margarita also includes an outdoor pool.
it features a buffet breakfast, free wi-fi and free parking.
the apartments are a 1-minute walk from each other.
some rooms also come with a desk and carpeted floors.
the kitchen or kitchenette is modern and fully equipped, including tea/coffee-making facilities.
bodor major is located in a green area, 4km from tahitótfalu.
the air-conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen.
billund airport is 55 km from the property.
füred erdei vendégház is located in balatonfüred, right next to the fenyves park and 300 metres from balaton lake.
it features a restaurant, terrace, and free wi-fi throughout.
the unit is 26 km from kissimmee.
the air-conditioned unit is 1.1 km from lithuanian national opera and ballet theatre, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
saint geoirs airport is 131 km from the property.
courtyard by marriott lima miraflores has a restaurant, where guests can enjoy local and international cuisine.
the property offers free parking.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out hollywood bowl (2.4 km) and hollywood sign (3.3 km).
featuring parquet floors and modern décor, the apartments come with a lounge area and a well-equipped kitchen.
the outdoor barbecue serves steaks and kebabs.
located in kraków’s centre, only 550 metres from the old town, abella guest rooms & apartments offers accommodation with tv sets, private bathrooms and a free internet connection.
the nearest airport is vilnius airport, 3 km from apartment in pylimo.
astor is a 3-star hotel that provides 24-hour reception, private parking available at an extra cost, 24-hour room service, a meeting room and a lounge bar.
the heathrow express service at paddington station offers a 15-minute journey to the airport.
featuring panoramic views across the atlantic ocean, the ballycroy bungalow is less than 5 km from the village of ballycroy. the town of westport is less than an hour’s drive away.
cars and motorbikes can be rented on site at discounted rates.
macedonia international airport is 52 km away, while the city of thessaloniki is at a distance of 62 km.
this hotel features a year-round full indoor waterpark on site and free wi-fi in public area.
bed linen is featured.
free private parking is available on site.
some rooms have a private balcony or patio.
shops and restaurants can be found within 4 km.
many rooms have a balcony.
located 500 metres from phan van dong public beach, monaco hotel offers simply furnished rooms with free wi-fi. it also features an in-house restaurant.
in a scenic countryside location in bad gams, weststeirischer hof is 20 km from the therme nova thermal spa and 25 km from graz.
just 10 minutes’ drive to renowned skiing at northstar, best western plus truckee-tahoe hotel is 20 km from kings beach, squaw and sugar bowl ski resort.
guests can rent a bike to explore the area or go fishing in the pollock creek.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 43 km from hotel demira.
guests can enjoy walking by the sea and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
the property offers free parking.
the pool and terrace benefit from nice views over the auvezere valley.
mollys bar has open fires and the more modern madison bar offers evening entertainment.
offering an outdoor pool and an indoor pool, airport view hotel is located in accra.
offering a free outdoor pool, agriturismo borgo personatina is a farm producing its own olive oil located 4 km from the centre of sovicille.
it offers free spa facilities, a large garden terrace, and free wi-fi.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi.
en suite bathrooms have hot shower facilities.
located in rožmitál pod třemšínem, 39 km from plzeň, penzion panský dům offers free wi-fi in public areas and free on-site parking.
a continental breakfast serving homemade products is provided each morning at château de buffavent.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
simferopol international airport is 185 km away.
you can enjoy river views from all rooms.
every room at this resort is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. all units have a balcony, seating area, dining area, outdoor furniture and a walk-in closet for your convenience. the rooms are also equipped with a mini bar and an electric kettle.
located in protaras, theomeli offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and sun beds.
this attractive spa and wellness hotel, dating from 1917, lies opposite the spa gardens in the picturesque spa town of bad wörishofen in bavaria.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the staff at naz han can arrange a shuttle service to ephesus.
featuring a private terrace with sun loungers and an outdoor dining space, overlooking the city, apartment uncibay is a 1-bedroom apartment with free wifi.
featuring terracotta tiles and white-washed walls, this holiday home has a seating area with a fireplace and satellite tv.
there is an 18-hole golf course just 100 metres from the property, and granaway can also help arrange outdoor activities like snorkelling and swimming.
kazan kremlin is 3.2 km from apartaments on yamasheva, while annunciation cathedral is 3.2 km away.
the nearest airport is naples international airport, a 1-hour drive from the property.
the town of la alberca is a 15-minute drive away and an hour and 15 minutes’ drive will take you to the city of salamanca.
bbq facilities are located on-site.
the rooms include a desk as well as a flat-screen tv.
fuerteventura golf club is less than 1 km away and el matorral airport is within 6 km.
the apartment will provide you with cable tv, wooden floors, and a seating area.
free wifi access and free private parking are available.
with a tv and minibar, each room at uzum features wooden floors and light fabrics.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
the modern apartment has a balcony. it offers a living room with a sofa and cable tv. the bathroom comes with a bath and washing machine.
hotel rosengarten offers services such grocery deliveries, a ticket service and luggage storage.
as of summer 2013, the silvretta all inclusive card will be included in all rates during summer season.
some units feature a terrace and/or patio with garden views.
enjoy tasty breakfast on the flowered loggia facing the sea, and then relax under the sunlights of corsica.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
guests will have plenty of space for barbecues and for practising archery.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
the hotel can be accessed by the local tain l’hermitage train station and free parking is available.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
a bus stopping 100 metres away takes you to the foro italico and olympic stadium in 25 minutes.
it offers modern and spacious alpine-style rooms with a balcony.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette.
the hotel also provides a children's and teens club, as well as a business centre.
the restaurant at cliff ao nang resort offers both local and international dishes.
located in the seaside village of algajola, this hotel overlooks the bay and has direct access to the beach.
antibes is 14 km away and on-site private parking is available for an additional fee.
at holiday home havbakken haderslev i guests will find an outdoor barbecue, garden furniture, and child's swing.
situated on a citrus farm in the sundays river valley, avoca river cabins features an outdoor swimming pool, children’s playground and conference and wedding facilities.
giarre is a 10-minute drive from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
free private parking is provided.
only a 10-minute walk from the shores of lake garda, villa benedita is 1 km from manerba del garda town centre. it offers an outdoor pool with hydromassage and a garden.
for convenience, all rooms are also equipped with a work desk and hairdryer.
set on the outskirts of linguaglossa, il nido dell'etna is a great base for sporting activities in this part of sicily.
the riad can organise excursions to marrakech, essaouira and the ouzoud waterfall. activities such as camel-riding and horse-riding are also available.
guests can also relax with a hot drink in the hotel's lounge.
centrally located in bad kötzting, these fully equipped apartments include free wi-fi and a balcony or terrace.
also barbecue facilities are available on site.
a restaurant, a supermarket and a wine bar are reachable within a 10-minute walk.
private bathrooms include shower facility and free toiletries.
towels and bed linen are provided.
plečnik house museum is 300 meters away.
it features sea views.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
the apartment is 700 metres from state russian museum.
it offers self-catering accommodation featuring free wifi and a terrace.
conveniently located a 5-minute walk from harbour bay ferry terminal, zest hotel harbour bay batam offers a 24-front desk and free wifi access throughout.
the nearest airport is luis eduardo magalhães airport, 20 km from the property.
la pedrera is 2.9 km from quirón apartment, while sagrada familia is 3.2 km from the property.
the three bedroom apartment has a maid's room with separate bathroom.
most rooms feature access to shared bathroom facilities and some a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
fethiye city centre is 10 km from the property. dalaman airport is within 60 km.
there is an aqua park within 3 km.
featuring shower facilities, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
residence creux de l'ours bleu offers accommodation in méribel. table verte is 200 metres from the property.
relaxation options include a sauna and a shared lounge.
overlooking legian beach, bali village bagak hotel is located in central legian.
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
it offers free private parking and rooms with a kettle.
some include a fan.
casa macauda also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
maastricht airport is 15 km from the hotel.
offering an absolute waterfront location on cunninghame arm lake, lakes waterfront motel and cottages features free wi-fi and a swimming pool.
la candela is located in between segovia, valladolid and avila, and is less than 1 hour by car from each of these cities.
comodoro arturo merino benítez international airport is 30 km away.
the nearest airport is juan santamaría international airport, 63 km from the property.
london heathrow airport is 35 minutes away by public transport.
accommodation appia nuova offers air-conditioned accommodation in rome, just 90 metres from the colli albani metro station.
located 30 metres from rio de janeiro's famous copacabana beach, apartamento domingos ferreira copacabana is a self-catering accommodation offering free wifi access.
the hotel is only a 5-minute walk to the town centre and a 15-minute walk from polis beach.
if you like to play golf, pitch & putt gualta is 3.5 km from mas puig roig.
the emporia america’s best inn offers a continental breakfast each morning.
the hotel serves a typical dutch buffet breakfast every morning.
yug (south) bus station and burgas central railway station are each 12 km away.
some offer views of the city.
centrally located in the heart of istanbul, berjer boutique hotel & spa offers comfortable accommodation and an indoor pool in taksim area with its modern architecture and designer décor.
ski equipment hire and bike hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for skiing.
a shared kitchen is available for guest’s usage, in order to prepare meals either to eat at the guest house of to take on visits. outdoor barbecue facilities are also available.
supermarket 100 m, restaurant, bar 50 m, bus stop "benidorm" 100 m, railway station "benidorm" 2 km.
they also are equipped with air-conditioning and central heating.
yantai haorenjia apartment is located within a 6-minute drive from the picturesque tashan tourism scenic area.
this family-run guest house is located on the outskirts of the village of undeloh.
the kitchen area is complete with modern cooking facilities and a dining table.
hotel grüner baum has traditional, franconian-style rooms with furniture made from pine wood.
in addition to flat-screen tv, each has a sofa, tea/coffee maker and a refrigerator.
this resort, packed full of activities for the whole family, is set in 10 acres of beautiful gardens and lush vegetation right next to a long sandy beach.
arezzo is 55 km away, whilst siena is 63 km away.
it offers free parking and free wifi access.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 8 km from sans apartment.
there is a tourist information service, and magma thermal centre is a 10-minute drive away.
the hotel offers free wifi access and an on-site restaurant.
some rooms at motel europa feature air-conditioning and some have a private balcony, while they are all equipped with free wi-fi, cable tv and a minibar.
campsie golf course is a 5-minute drive from glazert country house hotel. buchanan castle can be reached in 30 minutes’ drive.
each room at la maison tupinier includes a desk and a private bathroom with walk-in shower, toilet and free toiletries.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv. you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room.
at ocean cottage you will find barbecue facilities and a snack bar. other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities and a shared lounge.
general coffee state park and heritage farm living history museum are both a 12-minute drive away.
free wifi access is available and the accommodation will provide guests with a tv, and a seating area.
a flat-screen tv, as well as a computer are provided.
the property is 700 metres from sopot railway station and about 800 metres from the beach.
many bars and restaurants can be found nearby the property.
das lorely weinstuebchen offers views of the surrounding area, a terrace and a bar.
each air-conditioned room includes a seating area.the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
at oceanic avenida del mar guests will find barbecue facilities.
there is a dining area and a kitchen.
this traditional wooden-cottage comes with a fireplace, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining table, a seating area, a sofa bed and a private bathroom with a shower.
padmanabhaswamy temple is 2.2 km from uthradam towers, while arya vaidya sala is 400 metres from the property.
the apartment features free wifi.
guests can enjoy free access to the beach, beach club, tennis court and children's playground.
guests enjoy free parking.
set on viareggio's seafront, it offers a garden with outdoor swimming pool.
cruise hostel is located in the centre of saint petersburg, just a 5-minute walk from peter and paul fortress. free wifi access is available.
free wifi access is available.
a tv is provided.
located off interstate 90, this cle elum, washington motel serves a daily continental breakfast and features rooms with free wi-fi and a cable tv.
villa de berlanga hotel’s air-conditioned rooms feature smart décor and are equipped with a 32-inch flat-screen tv.
enjoying a peaceful location just 50 metres from kamari beach, rose bay hotel offers a lovely pool area and lounge with satellite tv, along with free wireless internet in public areas and buffet breakfast.
in the lobby area at the courtyard los angeles sherman oaks, guests can make use of complimentary computers and printers in the well-equipped business centre.
it takes 30 minutes by taxi from the hostel to changi international airport.
the national assembly, the kalemegdan fortress and the bohemian quarter skadarlija are all located within a walking distance.
guests receive free passes to the low wood leisure club, which has a fully equipped gym, squash courts and an indoor swimming pool.
with easy access to highway 101, this all-suite hotel in san luis obispo, california offers wifi access and is only minutes from golf courses, wineries and many activities.
guests can relax in the property's spa center.
angel guest house is a 2-minute walk from east tsim sha tsui mtr station.
guests have access to a fitness centre and barbecue facilities at keystone gateway penthouse.
the guest house is 2.1 km from the popular dutch church galle and 2.2 km from the historic galle fort.
rooms have swimming pool views or views of the mountain.
spacious and air-conditioned, luxurious rooms are equipped with a cable tv, fridge and en suite bathroom with hot shower.
the apartments are rustic, and come with wrought-iron beds and wood-beamed ceilings.
pudong international airport takes 50-minute drive to reach.
located on dubrovnik's lapad peninsula, guesthouse anna is just 600 meters from the copacabana beach and 3.7 km from the unesco-listed old town.
this guest house, which can accommodate up to 6 people in 3 separate apartments, gives you the opportunity to stay in an old medieval residence in historic quedlinburg.
free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
the hotel has various shared lounges, including a tv lounge.
select rooms include a view and club level access.
concierge and room service are available to guests. the property offers free parking.
a balcony is available for some of the rooms.
intercontinental bangkok is a short 5-minute stroll from shopping at central world plaza and gaysorn plaza.
a 12-minute drive away from city resort taichung is fengjia night market and skm shopping centre.
it also includes a fridge-freezer and a coffee machine.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
set in kiskunmajsa, 150 metres from the thermal bath, attila vendégház offers self-catered accommodation with cable tv and a garden with barbecue facilities.
a continental breakfast, enriched with omelets, yoghurt and homemade cake can be enjoyed daily in the common dining area.
bratislava airport is 7 km from the property.
set in a traditional stone house dating back from the 17th century, bell tower apartment is decorated in rustic style and offers air-conditioned apartment with a balcony and free wifi access.
this family-run inn is quietly located in the centre of hildburghausen, 150 metres from the market square.
the dry cleaning, ironing service and laundry facilities are available at a surcharge.
laundry and dry cleaning services are offered.
gîte du myocastor is located in graye-et-charnay, just a 30-minute drive from lons-le-saunier.
at just 50 metres from the beach, hotel carama offers its guests free wi-fi and free breakfast in necochea.
located 6 km from alanya ataturk square in alanya, this apartment features a terrace. guests benefit from balcony.
the apartments at the lev eilat are air conditioned and come with a bathroom, living area and kitchenette.
le cinque sorelle features fully equipped holiday homes and apartments with a private patio or balcony.
the property is 8 km from praia do meireles beach, 10.9 km from praia da iracema beach and 1.6 km from beach park.
shanghai tongmao hotel stands at 36 storeys, making it one of the landmarks in lujiazui financial district in pudong new area.
there is a sun terrace by the pool, with barbecue facilities. the complex also has a library and a bar.
breakfast is served in the breakfast room or in the portico with views of the sea.
the plaza offers a buffet breakfast each morning, while the bar and restaurant serve israeli specialities.
a flat-screen tv is available.
all the rooms are equipped with a bathroom, tv and minibar.
the valentinerhof’s restaurant serves traditional south tyrolean and international cuisine.
marjanishvili theatre is a 5-minute walk, dinamo arena is a 15-minute walk, and freedom square is 3 km away.
set within the private grounds of the 17th-century achnagairn estate in kirkhill, achnagairn castle offers free wifi throughout the property. free private parking is available on site.
staff can arrange airport transfers upon request.
some units also have a kitchen, fitted with an oven and microwave.
just a 15-minute walk from karfas beach, vila clio is located in kambos, on the island of chios. it is situated in the area of fragkovouni medieval village and offers self-catering accommodation and a garden with a lily pond.
starlight hotel is set on the 4th floor of a historic building with lift, a short walk from roma termini railway station.
piazza della signoria and uffizi gallery are a 15-minute walk away.
the private bathroom comes with bathrobe, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
heating and air conditioning are available on request and at an additional cost.
guests staying at the hotel mk can reach frankfurt airport in 20 minutes by city rail.
the nearest airport is podgorica airport, 88 km from žabljak-tara bridge house.
netanya is situated next to cosmopolitan hastings street, with boutiques and al fresco restaurants.
located in a 10-hectare park in the pays-de-la-loire region, this castle features an outdoor swimming pool, a pond where you can fish and bbq facilities. free wi-fi is available in the public areas.
sharp mountain vineyards are 9.5 miles from the hotel.
ski storage is offered in-site at village north whistler premier.
a wide selection of meals is also available, including a full english breakfast in the morning.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
almera park’s simply-decorated rooms are fitted with air conditioning, flat-screen satellite tv, dining and living areas.
the nearest airport is adisucipto airport, 9 km from hoz bed & breakfast.
exotic cocktails are available at the getúlio bar.
the environmentally sustainable pestana rio atlantica is conveniently situated 8 km from santos dumont airport, and 20 km from galeao airport.
the property is a 10-minute walk from florence’s cathedral.
there is a public swimming pool and a tennis court just 100 metres away from the hotel.
krucza rooms by warsawresidence group is situated 1.3 km from a picturesque saski garden and 1 km from the central railway station.
overlooking the river ruhr in the centre of fröndenberg, this 3-star hotel offers free wi-fi, a breakfast buffet and a bar. neues hotel am park is located 2 km from unna-fröndenberg golf club.
there are 2 golf courses within 3 km from the property. the main bus and train station are 2 km away.
the property offers a terrace and bbq-facilities.
royal hotel group a features a 24-hour reception that can assist guests with laundry services and luggage storage.
located 9 miles from the bronx zoo, this yonkers hotel is 30 minutes’ train ride to manhattan.
as well as the pool, sauna and gym, the leisure park includes a children’s play area and picnic area.
free toiletries and a hairdryer. are provided, as well as free wifi access.
the terrace offering panoramic views is open in summer.
sequoia springs golf club is 3 km and campbell river airport is 9 km from the property.
featuring a bath, private bathroom includes a hairdryer and bathrobes.
the property offers free wifi access in the unit and private parking on site.
the self-catering units are located on the ground floor with parking directly outside the front door.
most rooms overlook the vatican museums or the historic walls.
guests at los mimbres hotel can enjoy use of the outdoor pool, or book a guided regional excursion.
fialka guest house is located in adler, a 5-minute drive from the black sea coast and the olympic park.
every room comes with a private bathroom.
the hotel is a 45-minute train ride from the narita airport, and a 1-hour shuttle bus ride from the haneda airport.
a selection of restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
germany hotel is located in durrës, 2.6 km from port of durres and 3.8 km from durres amphiteatre.
you will appreciate the hotel's peaceful location.
brunico is 30 km away, while cortina d'ampezzo can be reached in 45 minutes by car.
with elegant décor and traditional furniture, rooms also have tea/coffee facilities and a dvd player.
located in kiev, this hotel is 250 metres from osokorky metro station.
this property is 45 km from cluj-napoca international airport.
deribasovskaya street is 8 km from royal apartment on korolyova, while odessa theatre of opera and ballet is 8 km from the property.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and fishing.
shops and restaurants can be found along edgware road and paddington station, which is a 15-minute walk away.
wifi internet access is free.
an additional toilet is provided.
set just a 10-minute drive to the newly opened legoland and hello kitty theme park, euro+ hotel johor bahru offers well-appointed rooms with air-conditioning and free wi-fi access.
first president of kazakhstan park is 1.2 km from arenaa apartment kablukova 264 block 7 floor, while dolphin entertainment centre is 2.5 km from the property.
air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a minibar.
other facilities offered include a massage.
picnic baskets are available on request.
rooms at the remont oxford hotel all have an en suite bathroom with a shower, double glazing, satellite tv and a work desk.
all of them have dvd players and fully-equipped kitchens.
an array of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing, golfing and horse riding.
each unit is equipped with air conditioning and a satellite tv.
tetti rossi is a 15-minute drive from incisa in val d’arno, while florence is 40 km away.
liverpool street station can be reached in 25 minutes via train from enfield lock station, which is just under a mile away from the apartment.
it is served in the breakfast room with views of the mountains.
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
trains run to the neue messe exhibition centre in 40 minutes.
a spa and wellness centre with various massage treatments is accessible upon charge.
lanna house is located 5 km from chiang mai train station.
offering massages & aromatherapy, a public bath, a free-use fitness room, 2 western-style restaurants and a bar, the 4-star kobe port tower hotel is 10 minutes from jr sannomiya station on the free shuttle.
the 165 art nouveau-style rooms feature high ceilings and large windows, providing lots of daylight.
guests can enjoy a coffee and newspaper in the bar which overlooks the atlantic ocean.
you can enjoy mountain view from the room.
bathroom facilities are en suite and come with shower facilities and free toiletries.
both varkaus theatre and fishing in the pirtinvirta river are within 1.5 km of the hotel.
it offers a restaurant and accommodation with free wi-fi.
la romana airport is 85 km away.
haus aperies is a self-catering accommodation centrally located in pettneu am arlberg. free wifi access and free private parking are available.
guest rooms at doonshean view have en suite showers, a freeview flat-screen tv, hairdryer, alarm clock and tea and coffee facilities.
there are several eating options ranging from local to asian and western cuisine around the hotel.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a children’s playground and free private parking are available on site.
offering an outdoor pool and a tennis court, jardin de l'ocean is located in rabat.
with a hilltop location, casa anicia offers two self-catering apartments with modern décor in bardolino, 1 km from the town centre.
cafes are a 5-minute walk away.
secret home is a villa with a terrace, situated in siófok. the property boasts views of the garden and is 1.6 km from galerius wellness bath.
maison d'hôtes l'allemane is a b&b located 6 km from montseveroux in the isere region, 50 km from lyon.
the holiday home comes with air conditioning and free wifi.
lisbon international airport is 6.7 km away.
at blier herne you will find a garden and a lounge.
facilities include a sauna, heated spa, lagoon pool, half-size basketball court and 2 outdoor entertaining areas with bbqs.
fishing on the portmilena river is 1.5 km away, there are some bike routes within 2 km, while the long and sandy velika plaža beach begins 2.3 km from the property.
casa corazón de melón features an outdoor pool and views of the pool.
church of the savior on spilled blood is 2.1 km from 9th corner, while palace square is 2.3 km away.
the property boasts views of the yatsugadake and chichibu mountains, the southern alps and mount fuji.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a cable tv. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
served daily, a continental breakfast is offered daily for guests to enjoy.
arturo portal de monegros hotel has a café-bar.
the nearest airport is heydar aliyev international airport, 23 km from zaur apartment.
room service is available for limited hours.
villa tangerine vis is situated 300 metres from prirovo pebbly beach and 600 metres from vis ferry port, which offers links to split.
the property offers free parking.
you can benefit from the hotel’s state-of-the-art spa and wellness center including an indoor pool, a gym, hammam, sauna and massage facilities.
vortex springs, an outdoor recreation and dive park, is located 25 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and a large sofa seating area.
daily newspapers are provided in the al hamra palace hotel lobby and there is also a car hire desk.
the hotel’s restaurant serves traditional mexican food and has a terrace.
situated on rennesøy island by the brimse fjord, fjordbris hotel offers free wi-fi and brightly decorated rooms and apartments with flat-screen tvs.
bang pa-in palace is within a 20-minute ride from the property.
bryce canyon national park is 36.9 km from the bed and breakfast. tropic reservoir is 42.6 km from the property.
all the apartments have a bright atmosphere.
the nearest airport is murcia-san javier airport, 27 km from the property.
diwei estate golden beach sihaiju seaview apartment qingdao is accessed by lift.
breakfast is available.
a fitness centre is available at the catlettsburg ramada hotel.
situated 500 metres from the beach of the black sea and located in sunny beach, apartments in green homes offers an outdoor pool and sun loungers.
it take s a 10-minute drive from the property to waterbom waterpark, and a 15-minute drive to the iconic kuta beach. getting to bali denpasar international airport will take around 5 minutes by car.
at hosteria colonial you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
breakfast at il giardino hotel is buffet style and includes a variety of sweet and savoury products.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing and hiking.
scottish inn niagara falls rooms include free wi-fi and cable tv.
florida state university is 8.9 miles away from this hotel.
the bouzov castle is 30 km away and free private parking is possible on site.
it features an outdoor pool with a hot tub and guest rooms provide free wi-fi.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
loutraki port lies within 200 metres from the property, while glossa village is at a distance of 2.5 km.
extras include a computer and a seating area.
after dinner, you can play table tennis, darts and table football in the lounge at le moulin gîtenay – yourte.
brunico / bruneck is reachable in 25 minutes by car.
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport, 33 km from zavos napa blue apartments.
it offers cooked breakfasts, free parking and rooms with free wi-fi and tvs.
offering views of lake bolsena and surrounded by the lazio countryside, la riserva montebello is set in 3 separate buildings, each with a free outdoor pool.
a bus stop is just next to the hostel.
delicious breakfast is served every morning in the stylish dining room or on the garden terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property, complete with a concierge service.
laundry service is provided.
free wifi is featured .
appartamenti in villa nicanda is situated in porto columbu - perd’e sali. cagliari is 23 km away.
all rooms are air conditioned and feature a tv and a minibar.
foros is 40 km from alvilla guesthouse, while simeiz is 50 km away.
free wifi access is available.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
at tree house 210 at resorts world bimini, guests can choose from a range of restaurants serving local specialities, including fresh lobster and conch salad.
the rooms offer contemporary décor, ironing facilities, minibar and a private bathrooms with shower and hairdryer.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving.
free parking is possible on site.
one of the accommodations also has a washing machine, dining table and stove top.
mountain and garden views can be enjoyed in all rooms.
parking is free.
the property's staff ensures entertainment for guests, while children can enjoy the kids club.
just 2 blocks from leblon beach, leblon house is a modern apartment equipped with air conditioning. ideally located, shopping leblon and lagoa rodrigo de freitas are both 3 blocks away.
the millstattcard is included in all rates, entitling to various discounts at local attractions.
it's also a 2-minute walk from the otaru tenguyama ski resort, and a 10-minute walk from otaru canal.
the well-decorated rooms come with free wired internet.
featuring free wifi and a patio with pool views, mariel villa 4584 is a villa, set in kissimmee. the property features views of the garden and is 1.6 km from 192 flea market.
cottages here offer a kitchenette with a stove, an electric kettle, and a refrigerator.
villach and klagenfurt are within a 45-minute drive away by car.
palm beach operates a 24-hour reception which can assist with airport shuttle, laundry and ironing services.
special facilities for differently abled guests are provided.
dine in the brasserie restaurant or relax in the evening in the spacious lounge.
opening to a balcony or patio, all rooms and suites at the theodore boutique hotel include a modern bathroom with hairdryer, slippers, bathrobes and free toiletries. a safe and a minibar are also included.
192 outlet is 14 km from disney home, while osceola square mall is 15 km away.
sleep train amphitheatre is 17 miles away.
rooms at gjestegard rundhaug have either private or shared bathroom facilities.
located in abano’s centre, hotel terme milano boasts 2 swimming pools, a wellness centre, and a garden.
the blu grotto is 5 km away.
some rooms come with their own balcony.
bethnal green underground station and the v&a museum of childhood are a 5-minute walk from rez apartments.
the accommodation provides guests with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
you will find restaurants, shops and banks within 5 minutes ́ walk.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the kitchen comes with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and bars and restaurants are found within 600 metres of the property.
guests have free access to the spa, which includes a multi-jet swimming pool, a hot tub, a sauna and a hammam.
it is 300 metres from mosbach's old town, which is surrounded by the odenwald forest.
the apartments are ideal for couples, families or groups of friends.
some come with a balcony and all have views of the shared garden.
the rooms at acer are individually decorated, and each has a luxury bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each apartment comes functionally furnished.
it has free wi-fi in public areas, free parking, and an outdoor pool.
staff at the 24-hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in mallorca.
the hotel is a 5-minute walk from voronezh central bus station.
the aurora cruiser and the neva river embankment are just a 3-minute walk from the hotel.
the hotel offers bike rental and free guided tours of the castle.
holiday inn resort kandooma is a 40-minute speedboat ride from malé international airport.
the nearby subway stations offer easy access to the akihabara, ueno and asakusa areas.
the ernakulam junction south railway station is 12.5 km and the cochin international airport is 43 km.
each comes with a seating area and satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine and a bathroom with a bathtub.
located in cusco’s historic centre, in front of san pedro market, antares mystic hotel offers free wi-fi and american breakfast. a terrace with panoramic views is featured.
aspen valley is situated 10 km from bansko, where you can relax while enjoying clear mountain air, abundant nature and skiing in the winter.
appartement annabel includes a laundry room with a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
guests can also enjoy a drink by the fireplace in the hotel’s bar, le salon saint lazare.
hazrat shahjalal international airport is 10 km away and kamlapur railway station is 2 km away from the property.
boat excursions to elaphite islands can be arranged on site with the owner.
it features a swimming pool and a terrace, free wifi access and secure parking.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 91 km from the property.
it takes 1.5 hours by car to guangzhou baiyun international airport.
there are facilities for pool/billiards, darts and table football.
packed lunches and a 3-course dinner prepared with seasonal products are available on request.
other options can be found within 900 metres.
at best western ashoka hitec city you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
there is sophisticated dining at the restaurant merlot, which offers a european menu and extensive world wine list.
all services available at hotel dražica are also available to the guests of villa lovorka.
the common living room offers a stereo system and a dvd player.
the tour desk can provide information about activities in the local area, including surfing.
un ospite a fontania is 30 km from terracina.
accorhotels arena is located 2.3 km from the property.
all units also include a private bathroom with shower equipped with a hairdryer.
the summer restaurant offers à la carte lunches and dinners.
situated only 100 metres from the gaislachkogelbahn cable car, hotel grauer bär enjoys a quiet location a few minutes’ walk from the centre of sölden.
dubrovnik luxury apartments are set in 3 different locations in the old town of dubrovnik, a short walk from each other.
pitch & putt golf course is 1.3 km away.
just a short walk from the public beach, bavaretto ocean club is less than 10 minutes’ drive from manati park.
offering an on-site bar, hôtel playa is located in saint-tropez, just 150 metres from the marina.
the rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv. every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the casa vittorio apartment features a kitchen with dining area, and a bedroom with double bed.
free public parking is available at courtyard ocala.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
bed linen and towels, cleaning products and a washing machine are also provided.
the antalya airport is 60 km away and the hotel has car rental service.
westin hefei baohe is a 46-minute drive from hefei xinqiao international airport and only 161 metres from the bao gong temple.
paradise center, a vast shopping and entertainment centre, is 2.5 km away.
fitted with tiled flooring, rooms at pooja palace feature air conditioning and a tv with satellite channels.
from 01 december 2016, free admission to the wasserwelt amadé (public indoor pool) for 3 hours per day is included in the rate.
many shops can be found within 2 km.
the hotel is 25 minutes by car from bordeaux-mérignac airport.
set in bad aussee, apartment angerer offers a barbecue and sun terrace.
free private parking is available on site.
the shared villa comes with a semi open living and dining area.
restaurants and bars are available within a 10-minute walk.
located in the historic centre of sorrento, oranges luxury apartment is just 700 metres from sorrento’s sandy beach.
the nearest airport is reykjavík domestic airport, 82 km from hostel hella.
privatzimmer am rathaus is set in the mitte district in kassel, 400 metres from museum brothers grimm and 6 km from bergpark wilhelmshoehe.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
the nearest airport is tenerife sur airport, 27 km from the property.
there is an exterior parking area in the hotel, making it easy to come by car and explore the nearby towns of zarautz, biarritz and san juan de luz.
it offers a wellness centre, restaurants, and a free seasonal shuttle service to the centre.
hotel airport has a guest laundry facility and offer dry cleaning and ironing services.
feast on a buffet spread at flavours restaurant or have a healthy treat at green treats delicatessen, which offers freshly baked organic breads, wholesome sandwiches, selection of noodles, cakes, gourmet teas and coffees.
the hotel is 500 metres from the market square and its 18th century town hall.
pula airport is at a distance of 7 km, and shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
the aeolian museum is 900 metres away.
this stylish apartment is within 40 minutes' drive from manchester and 30 minutes’ drive from leeds.
villa agnese b&b is surrounded by a pretty garden and features individually furnished rooms with free wi-fi.
miami city centre is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
the main bus station and ferry port are 2 km away.
offering a full breakfast daily and a social hour, old town guesthouse b&b is located in colorado springs.
set in the historic centre of santu lussurgiu, sas benas features an à la carte restaurant serving sardinian specialities.
the roman baths are just 300 metres away and the airport is 12 km from the elegance hotel.
there is a vending machine at the property. luggage storage is available as well.
stavanger station is within 10 minutes’ walk.
borgarnes swimming pool and the settlement centre are a short walk from egils.
situated right next to the ace family chair lifts at niseko mt resort grand hirafu, alpen ridge offers spacious self-contained apartment accommodation with perfect ski-in/ski-out access. private ski storage and ski equipment rentals are available on site.
located along the southern coast of lazio, the property is 2 km from lake fondi.
the accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a terrace. there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the hotel is a great base for trips to the denmark, with the danish border just a 10-minute drive away.
this family-run property offers charming rooms.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 24 km from on vorovskogo kvartira.
a restaurant is featured on site.
guests can also make use of a gym.
full buffet breakfast is also included.
local bus stop with lines around hvar island is 1 km from the apartments momus.
just 1.2 km from square one shopping centre in mississauga, grand ovation furnished apartment by mirage boasts a fitness centre and an indoor pool.
la maisonnette alsacienne is 3 km from the centre of strasbourg.
the pirineos is surrounded by shops.
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
full cooked breakfast is available each morning.
your morning breakfast is full of hot options, making breakfast at the comfort inn & suites the perfect way to start your day.
the faculty of economics at the university of florence is 5 minutes’ drive away, while the european university institute is 8 km away.
enjoy the robust flavours of indian food at masala and savour international cuisine at our 24-hour restaurant, village cafe.
free private parking is available on site.
the guest house also offers car hire.
at guesthouse noella, guests can find rooms and apartments with free wifi access.
some units have a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
a bike rental shop and a surf school can be found 200 metres away.
this studio apartment includes a sleeping/living area with a flat-screen tv and a kitchenette with a refrigerator and electric kettle.
the city centre can be reached in a 15-minute drive.
set 600 metres from calis beach in fethiye, this apartment features a balcony. cangül apart with pool boasts views of the mountain and is 5 km from ece saray marina.
featuring chargeable massages, a launderette and rooms with free wi-fi, toyoko inn hiroshima heiwa-odori is a less than 10-minute walk from ebisucho station.
you will find a kettle in the room.
the apartment has a seating area and cable tv.
the güldene berge's bright restaurant serves saxon specialities, international dishes, and a variety of wines from the saale-unstrut region.
a breakfast buffet including cold cuts, cereals and yoghurt, together with hot drinks, juice and bread is served daily.
chole foxes lodge also includes a sun terrace.
each room comes with a dressing room and a private bathroom with a shower.
meneres motel is a 10-minute walk from corowa rsl club and the local shops.
the modern rooms are air conditioned and have a balcony. they offer a flat-screen tv and a fridge.
the on-site mehmaan restaurant serves indian, chinese and continental dishes.
free wi-fi access and a flat-screen tv with cable are available in all rooms at expressway suites fargo.
apartments come with a garden-view terrace, a flat-screen tv, and a private bathroom.
a gym and spa are available.
some rooms offer panoramic sea views.
fitted with tile flooring, there is a double bedroom and a bathroom with a bath and a shower.
a restaurant can be found just 70 metres from lovely apartment.
the upper floors of the sorolla palace offer impressive city views; and the outdoor pool has a retractable roof which covers it during the winter, spring and autumn months.
galeão international airport is located 23.2 km away.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv. all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
guests can enjoy indoor and outdoor swimming pools 3 km away, in kopřivnice.
set on 2 floors, the house combines original stone details in the walls.
there is also a bus stop near the entrance of santo antónio villas, golf & spa.
the rooms come with a shared bathroom.
the en suite rooms of the gabbiano hotel feature a tv and free wi-fi.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
this 3-bedroom holiday home offers access to a shared outdoor pool.
hallstavik is 14 km away.
valdosta state university is 3 miles from the hotel.
within 1.9 km from the property, you will find museu de portimão and tempo - teatro municipal de portimão.
they all have tv and a balcony.
there is a range of thai restaurants located within a 2-minute ride from the property.
the aveiro centre also has many restaurant options, for guests wishing to eat out.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
the property offers free parking.
free private parking is possible on site.
it offers ski-to-door access, rooms with mountain views and a restaurant with exposed beams, a fireplace and a terrace.
danish and french cuisine is served at the in-house restaurant with panoramic views of the surroundings.
all rooms have a ceiling fan, private entrance and access to a patio.
pachino is a 15-minute drive away, and siracusa is a 40-minute drive away.
guests of zimmervermietung are welcome to use the lounges, bar, kitchen, courtyard and the car park.
owned by the florentine fashion label ferragamo, the continentale is themed to recall italy's 1950s, yet reinterpreted in a glittering, modern style throughout the common areas and the rooms.
traditional dishes from the region prepared with organic produce can also be enjoyed, upon prior reservation.
every morning a breakfast made with local produce is served.
there is a living/dining room with sofa bed, 1 bedroom and a bathroom.
wine tasting can also be arranged.
a variety of restaurants and cafés serving indonesian food can be found just a 2-minute walk from the property.
bangkok is 180 km from the property.
this spacious unit is spread over 2 floors.
featuring keyless entry, this walk-up apartment is air-conditioned and includes a separate dining area.
ioannidis guesthouse is a stone-built, 19th-century building in megalo papigo offering traditionally decorated rooms with views to mount astraka.
the vytautas magnus university is within 300 metres.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
a grocery store can be found 300 metres from the sophie house, while a restaurant is set in the neighbouring building.
a washing machine and flat-screen tv are provided.
the nearest airport is zadar airport, 57 km from apartments julia.
laundry and concierge services are also available.
baia mare train station is located 3 km from the property. suior and mogosa ski slopes are reachable within 13 minutes by car.
hotel artemide is just 200 metres from the repubblica metro station, 2 stops from the spanish steps.
extras include bed linen.
guests can visit the beaches of estepona, 50 km away.
an airport transfer service is available for an extra charge.
hispania hotel is 5 minutes’ drive from palma de mallorca airport.
each suite has a private kitchenette, allowing for light snacks to be prepared.
you can play mini golf next door to the property.
free private parking is available on site.
the property offers free parking.
all units are fully equipped, are conditioned and include seating and dining area.
housed in a neoclassical building in monastiraki area of athens, ns place offers elegant accommodation with a spacious, furnished terrace and free wifi access.
all rooms here are ample, have been tastefully decorated, feature a mountain or garden view and shared bathroom facilities.
il perseo's reception and bar are open 24 hours a day.
free parking is available in front of the hotel.
bars and restaurants are 700 metres from the property. larnaka airport is a 45-minute drive away.
it serves a daily continental breakfast and has rooms with free wi-fi.
new jersey performing arts center is 1 km from new york homestay, while prudential center is 1.7 km from the property.
a hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
apartamentos rincón del puerto is located by san vicente de la barquera port, surrounded by the beautiful green landscapes of cantabria.
the air-conditioned villa has a large porch furnished with a big table, chairs and sun loungers.
the resort is 5 miles from grand casino and convention center and 20 miles from liberty land amusement park. the elvis presley estate, graceland mansion, is 20 miles away.
free private parking and a garden are available.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a games room.
forrest-park marjan is perfect for hiking, picnics and long walks and can be reached in 1 km.
buffet dinner is offered during the evening with a variety of regional and international dishes.
there are two bedrooms. each bedroom offers a double bed.
extras include a seating area.
enjoy la palapa beachfront restaurant, the italian trattoria and sports bar, pool bars, express take-out food counter pizza delivery and room service.
the hotel’s restaurant offers buffet breakfast each morning.
a swimming pool surrounded by mountains can be enjoyed in the summer.
there is a fireplace in the sitting area offering the ideal scenario to listen to music or watch a film.
each cottage has a private bathroom and in-room laundry facilities.
there are 2 bathrooms, one of them with a spa bath.
vnukovo international airport is 19 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
hotel la madonnina offers comfortable accommodation amidst lush nature on a panoramic plateau, 750 metres above sea level, filled with pre-historic archaeological sites and typical age-old nuraghes.
selected units come with a spa bath and additional space.
rijeka airport is located 164 km away.
at willa na wydmie you will find a terrace and a bar. other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
at aanhetgrotebos you can enjoy nature in the garden, or use the barbecue facilities on the terrace.
the nearest airport is bolshoye savino airport, 13 km from apartment baumana 19.
a fully equipped kitchen, dining area and living room with a sofa are included in each house.
there is a double bedroom, a seating and dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
the property is 2.4 km from streuböden and 2.5 km from doischberg.
the resort is set among rice fields and features an outdoor pool, a restaurant and on site spa facilities.
restaurants can be found within walking distance.
for dining option, guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5-minute walk away.
set in the surroundings of the santa maria la real monastery, this guest house maintains original features such as wooden beams and stone walls.
the oberstdorf golf course is 4 km away and the nebelhorn cable car is a 15 minute walk from the hotel.
other on-site facilities include ski and bicycle storage room, as well as free private parking.
there is also a covered terrace and a terrace by the pool.
if you book a stay of 2 weeks or more between 9 june and 28 august, you have 1 free parasol and 2 free sun loungers here.
the nearest airport is dubai international airport, 4 km from the property.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and a hair dryer.
split airport is located 20 km away.
marrakech-menara airport is located 13 km from the property.
set just 200 metres from the piacenza ovest exit of the a21 motorway, the 3-star idea hotel piacenza offers air-conditioned rooms with satellite flat-screen tv.
additional features include free wi-fi available throughout the property.
located in slavske, 49 km from truskavets, koval'ska sadyba boasts a barbecue and ski storage space.
trendy apartment in mouth is a renovated property located in porto, 600 metres from the banks of the douro river.
the hotel’s goboard provides up-to-date news and weather information.
on site parking is free.
wailea-makena city centre is 3 miles away.
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchen with a stove, toaster and coffee machine.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player, as well as a smartphone docking station are provided.
on the ground floor you will find the tv and games room, the lounge and a bar that is open 24-hours a day.
a tv and dvd player, as well as a laptop are available.
they also include a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge-freezer and coffee-making facilities.
the 24-hour reception desk offers a laundry and ironing service.
great alexander suites offers elegantly decorated and air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi and lcd satellite tvs in every room.
it offers fully equipped mobile homes and rooms and features a restaurant with a summer terrace and motor boat rental.
the air conditioned apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv, safety deposit box and a seating area.
a rich continental breakfast is served each day.
the modern 2-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
the en suite bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
it features an outdoor sea-water swimming pool, free wi-fi, and a ligurian restaurant.
the guestrooms and suites at the best western king george inn & suites offer microwaves, refrigerators and coffeemakers.
split airport is 8 km from peach apartment.
guests are granted unlimited access to the spa and fitness centre.
cross-country trail is 300 metres away and the vítkovice - horní mísečky bus stop is 150 metres from the property.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
trains to madrid airport stop 500 metres away at nuevos ministerios station.
eskifjordur’s geothermal outdoor swimming pool is within 15 minutes’ drive.
paveletsky train station with aeroexpress trains to domodedovo airport is 4 km from hostel garmonika.
hotel apartamentos la montañesa is located in posada and offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. posada train station is 170 metres away.
all rooms include a seating area and a tv with cable channels.
other facilities at apartamento rocamarina ii include a seasonal outdoor pool.
bilderberg hotel de bovenste molen is situated in a green forest area nearby the city of venlo.
there are also numerous cycle routes surrounding the site.
whatever your reason for visiting the city; sightseeing, on business or travelling; this hotel is the ideal choice for any stay.
they include private balconies with hammock space.
room service is available.
immersed in the tuscan countryside, agriturismo pescaia offers country-style accommodation with a garden and hill views.
located in alfama, one of lisbon’s most historical districts, this apartment features views over the city and over the tagus river.
free wifi can be enjoyed throughout the property.
the hostel offers a free transfer from the airport or bus station for those who reserve 2 nights or more.
situated 400 metres from negombo beach park in negombo, c negombo welcomes guests with a restaurant and bar. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
all bright apartments are air-conditioned and have free access to wired internet.
the bright rooms of the 2a hostel are furnished in a contemporary style.
historic edinburgh castle can be reached in just a 15-minute walk and murrayfield stadium is a 10-minute taxi ride away.
located in a 100-year old building, citybreak-apartments lapa offers accommodation in apartments and studios in the lapa district of porto city. they all include free wifi access and a modern décor.
the an nada cocktail lounge offers live entertainment and a wide variety of drinks.
guests are invited to relax in the hotel bar.
this hotel features a wellness centre including an indoor pool, gym and sauna on the 14th-floor.
you can enjoy garden view from the room, and extras include bed linen.
a ski school is available and guests can also buy ski-lift tickets on site.
this hotel is within a 10-minute drive of the us border and from the tijuana international airport.
each spacious apartment at haría has a lounge with a sofa and a dining area. kitchen facilities include a hob and fridge.
the cabin’s private beach is an ideal place for guests to snorkel.
a large breakfast buffet is served every day.
trade fair visitors can reach the exhibition grounds of düsseldorf (35 km) and cologne (45 km) with ease.
free wi-fi access is available.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out leidseplein (1.8 km) and vondelpark (2.4 km).
cordoba airport and la cumbrecita are both 80 km away.
free parking is possible nearby.
gästehaus emberger is loctated amid the scenic zillertal valley about 1.5 km from the centre of mayrhofen and 400 metres from the horbergbahn cable car.
the czech border is just 500 metres away.
free wifi and a 800-m2 garden are available on site.
set in weligama, villa weli features a garden and outdoor pool.
the centre of santander is 35 minutes’ drive away and the airport is 30 km from the property.
recife, the state capital of pernambuco, is 60 km away.
a ski storage room and free private parking are available on site.
the platja d'aro house is just 4 km from the beach and 5 km from the marina. it has parking and is 3 km from the platja d'aro golf club and pitch and putt course. girona and its airport are 35 km away.
bear tree park is a 30-minute drive away.
luxe hotel features stylish designs and a modern lobby.
it takes 25 minutes to drive to irkutsk airport.
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
it offers private bungalows with en suite bathrooms and free on-site parking.
other facilities at holiday home m&n include a barbecue.
located in the heart of kiev city, the apartments are 50 metres from khreschatyk street.
the nearest airport is naples international airport, 4 km from central station.
the nearest restaurant and a grocery store are a 7-minute walk away.
located a 10-minute walk from kandersteg’s centre and the nearest train station, müllerhus offers a rustic apartment with wood panelling, a fireplace, a balcony, and a patio with barbecue facilities. the oeschinensee and sunnbühl ski areas are a 5-minute drive away.
the historical centre of esztergon, set 4.2 km away.
this hotel is 20 minutes south of nashville in historic franklin, tn.
the georgia aquarium is 21 km away, and the world of coca-cola is 20.3 km away from the property.
the nearest restaurant is 2 km away and it’s only 15km to annila golf club.
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from the room.
a flat-screen tv is also available.
offering views of the thermaikos gulf, the el verano hotel is centrally situated in paralia katerinis, just 3 minutes’ walk from the beach.
located 12 miles from paso robles, 5 minutes’ drive from hwy 101, this upscale templeton b&b features wine and olive oil tastings.
other facilities offered include luggage storage.
apartment guests can order fresh bread rolls to be brought to the apartment each morning.
the units at the kire come with a fully equipped kitchenette, a dining area and a private bathroom with a shower.
all rooms feature splendid views of the river and modern interiors. they come with a flat-screen cable tv, minibar and safety deposit box.
each room is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
it also offers free wi-fi.
a breakfast buffet is provided each morning, and the guest house restaurant serves a range of regional specialities and german cuisine.
the goa international airport is 60 km away.
the front desk of this san jose hotel is open 24 hours a day.
casa da peneda is 3 km from the gerês thermal spa. the unit is 15 km from the border into neighbouring and 90 km from porto international airport.
enjoy the patio of the hotel le foch to relax.
guests can choose to stay in a bunk bed in a dormitory room or in a double room with shared bathroom.
this apartment offers a washing machine, sofa and fireplace.
surgut airport is 10 km from the property.
a self-service continental breakfast is provided to enjoy in the room.
luggage storage is also provided.
all apartments have lcd tvs and modern furnishings.
ian fleming international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
a breakfast is provided each morning at chambre d'hôtes la jonquerette.
situated in the village of stratfield mortimer, little park farm is just 9 miles south of reading.
the kitchen features a dishwasher.
free private parking is available on site.
located in flachau, 300 metres from the star jet 1 chairlift, ferienwohnungen rupertihaus offers a sauna, free bicycles for guests, and free wifi access in all areas.
the pride hotel, ahmedabad is a 45-minute drive from ahmedabad international airport.
facilities of the property include an outdoor swimming pool, a bar serving drinks and tapas, fitness room with cardio equipment, massage room and underground parking, as well.
the white hart hotel is a traditional old posting house situated in the town of moretonhampstead and set within the picturesque dartmoor national park.
an italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily.
an array of entertainment including a flat-screen satellite tv, a dvd and blu-ray players are offered.
room service is available 24 hours a day.
rooms here all come equipped with a fan and electric kettle.
krasnoyarsk train station is 9 km from the apartment.
zvolen is 36 km from family house ružiná, while tale is 50 km away.
hotel stetind also has a pub with a large-screen tv.
situated off highway 225, this hotel offers an outdoor pool, a restaurant, lounge and a free transfer service to denver international airport.
offering air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi on a quiet location in hvar, barko rooms is within 150 metres from the nearest beach and 300 metres from town centre.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi in all areas.
every room is equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area. there is also a dining table.
massage facilities are available.
rooms are also equipped with a private bathroom with a shower.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the cosy restaurant uses local, organic produce in its dishes.
the villa offers free private parking on-site.
the ski area of jasna is 15 km from the vivendi holiday home. the aquapark of tatralandia is closer, 6 km away.
a flat-screen satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in each unit.
istrian landscape is known for its picturesque little mediaeval towns like motovun, grožnjan and several others, which are within a 50 km radius.
a dishwasher, an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
the train station is 4 km away and clermont-ferrand airport is 50 km away.
located by tórshavn harbour, this hotel is 300 metres from the old town and government buildings at tinganes.
all rooms come provided with cable tv, and contain a private bathroom.
the apartments features a flat-screen tv, a living/dining area with fully equipped kitchen, and a washing machine.
located 300 metres above the caribbean sea, this luxury hotel features an on-site restaurant, an outdoor pool, and free wi-fi.
surfs inn is within a 5-minute hike of the archipelago wildlife cruises port.
seating and dining areas and a kitchen with stove, microwave, electric kettle and refrigerator are included.
townhouse lies on a quiet side road, 200 metres from the düsseldorf puppet theatre.
posada manuel de lobo has air-conditioned rooms with cable tv and private bathrooms.
the rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
towels and bed linen are offered.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room. it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
yerevan train station is 7.5 km from the apartment, while yerevan airport is 13.5 km away.
the bed and breakfast is 27.2 km from la louvière, 20 km from binche and 49.5 km from tournai.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the premises.
breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury products.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
free wifi is available .
internet access and 24-hour room service are available.
guests can go cycling or hiking in the surrounding areas.
pompidou centre is 1.9 km from apartment saint maur1, while opéra bastille is 2.2 km away.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave. a toaster, a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine.
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner beach area.
the nearest beach is some 50 metres away.
free wifi is provided.
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport, 17 km from turgot.
free private parking is available on site.
located in essaouira, casa naima is a 15-minute drive from the beach and the medina.
a grocery shop is 50 metres from moncherie studio rooms, while the nearest green market is 500 metres away.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a minibar. there is also a dining table.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen led tv.
the modern-décor rooms offer free wi-fi, air conditioning, a desk, telephone, flat-screen cable tv and views of the garden and the pool.
phnom penh international airport is 10 km away.
it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
apartment zlata is a self-catering accommodation located in eilat, just 1.2 km from the shores of the red sea.
breakfast can be served in the room.
guests’ can pick up supplies at safeway food market, just 45 minutes’ away from cottonwood cove resort & marina, a forever resort.
rooms at le tanjong house are fitted with a satellite tv, a minibar and a safety deposit box.
free parking is available outside the hotel.
secession hotel is located in the centre of łęczna.
they also come with a tv and a private bathroom with shower.
featuring a garden and free wi-fi access throughout, agriturismo lu nodu offers rooms 15 km from aglientu.
the apartment offers a view of the old town.
a private terrace with garden and pool views is attached to each air-conditioned room in pondok dukuh soca.
caravaca de la cruz is 20 km from holiday home calasparra, while jumilla is 43 km from the property.
our lady of guadalupe cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
rooms at manoir le bigourda are individually decorated.
located on two floors, the craiasa branului consists of a comfortable living room featuring a fireplace and cable tv, a fully equipped kitchen, 4 double rooms and 2 bathrooms.
guests enjoy free wi-fi and free use of a shared sauna and gym.
featuring wooden floors, the studio has sofa-bed and satellite tv. a ceramic hob, oven and microwave are included in the kitchenette.
the in-house restaurant, beach bar serves a tasty selection of local and international cuisine.
each has free wired internet, a minibar, and a satellite tv.
birdwatching is also a popular activity in the region.
the knysna heads can be viewed within 9 km from water's edge.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
featuring free wifi, a barbecue and a sun terrace, kamienica górna 7 offers pet-friendly accommodation in olsztyn.
guests can tour the nearby myrtlewood factory showroom, inc.
free private parking is possible on site.
each self-catering apartment has free wifi and comes fitted with a seating area, satellite tv and fan.
tvs and private bathrooms are found in hundested kro hotel’s rooms.
the nearest airport is hartsfield-jackson airport 33 km away.
the property has a reception and lobby.
massages, beauty and therapeutic treatments are also available.
there is a garden to relax in, and free wi-fi is available in public areas.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a work desk and a 26-inch flat-screen tv with cable channels.
leko apartments provides guests with a private terrace.
homeland farewell is 6 km from pajūrio kempingas bungalows.
free toiletries are included in an en suite bathroom.
these cosy and spacious fully-furnished bungalows are all fitted with heating, a seating area, a private bathroom, a fully-equipped kitchen and a garden and mountain view.
the 3-bedroom apartament conde güell features modern décor, wooden floors and views of an interior patio.
free parking is available.
exeter international airport is 64 km away.
extras include cable channels.
guests can relax outdoors on the terrace, and enjoy reading their free daily newspaper.
puerta catedral boutique offers elegant and modern apartments with free wifi and located in seville.
free parking is provided.
bodrum milas airport is within 90 km while izmir adnan menderes airport is 140 km from the property.
the fully equipped private bathroom has a bathtub or a shower.
free wi-fi access is available in each unit.
the nearest airport is schiphol airport, 6 km from the property.
joyland amusement park is 5 minutes' drive from the hotel.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, fishing and hiking.
angkor wat, a unesco world heritage site, is 10.5 km away.
the renowned greek painter ioannis papaioannou’s frescoes in the reception and the suites have captured the art culture of the island from the archaic period to the painter theofilos and the modern era.
every morning, guests can start the day with a traditional turkish breakfast.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv, minibar and desk.
located only 800 metres to palio, romantic resort & spa offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
in the apartments, savoy park hotel offers seating areas with sofa beds and balconies with scenic city views.
an italian-style breakfast including homemade cakes is served daily at depalmas’ restaurant, just 20 metres away.
located in kominternovsky district of voronezh, prospekt apartments na nevskogo offer free wifi.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the best western executive inn and a business centre is available for use.
additionally, there is a bar and a restaurant serving local specialities at the property.
ormos athinios port is 8 km away, while santorini national airport is at a distance of 6 km.
at gera panoramica you will find a terrace.
it is a 20-minute drive to phuket fantasea and a 35-minute drive to phuket international airport.
a variety of taverns, traditional cafés and shops can be found within a short walk from louisa studios.
free private parking is available.
the resort has a year-round outdoor pool and children's playground, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
free wifi is included in all traditionally decorated rooms at baymont inn and suites freeport.
decorated with stone walls, wooden beams and antique furniture, the apartments and studios are fitted with an lcd tv, a fully equipped kitchen and sea views.
food from the rhine-ruhr region and international cuisine is served in the salinum restaurant with terrace.
accommodation is self catering.
san lazzaro di savena is 19 km from da ferro, while bologna is 27 km from the property. bologna guglielmo marconi airport is 27 km away.
complete with a satellite tv, the living-dining room includes a cd and dvd player.
bodrum marina, the popular nightclub halikarnas and the bus terminal of bodrum are just a 5-minute walk from the pension.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
most rooms offer lake and garden views.
garden view villas feature living and dining areas, and are well equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, and a minibar.
apartment ive andrica 30b offers accommodation in poreč. apartment ive andrica 30b boasts views of the sea and is 1.1 km from poreč main square.
larnaca center beach apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
fitted with an en suite bathroom with free bath amenities and bath towels, air-conditioned rooms feature modern furnishings.
bed linen and towels are provided.
seville’s se30 ring road is easily accessible and the airport is a 10-minute drive away.
other facilities like water sports facilities are offered.
the rooms come with a flat-screen tv. certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
hildesheim train station is a 5-minute drive away from the stadtresidenz hildesheim. the a7 motorway is just 3 minutes away.
private parking is provided on site.
zambujeira do mar is 36 km away.
on the shore of miho bay, kaike grand hotel features an outdoor pool, a waterside tea lounge and open-air hot-spring baths with ocean views.
a shuttle service can be arranged.
it is located 26 km to the west from kiev and offers rooms with ukrainian décor.
surrounded by olive groves, it offers a large garden with swimming pool.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
featuring different themes, each unit in sanya no.5 love theme apartment is fitted with a tv and a seating area.
the private bathrooms are equipped with shower facilities and free toiletries.
for convenience, it provides 24-hour reception, free parking and free wired internet.
there is an equipped kitchen with an electric kettle and a dining table.
the nearest airport is edinburgh airport located 10 miles away, and the nearest train station is 2 miles away.
castel sant’angelo castle is 650 metres from apartop
strategically located in jakarta, around 20-minute drive from ciputra mall, grand tjokro jakarta offers charming guestrooms and free wifi access throughout.
ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing and hiking.
free parking is available across from the hellen studios.
the bathrooms have complimentary toiletries and slippers.
salerno train station is 5 minutes' walk away.
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator, cooking rings and toaster.
the apartment features free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
they overlook an internal courtyard or a canal.
the grandom suites offer a free daily cleaning service, including the kitchen.
a fitness centre and a computer station in the lobby are also available.
extras include bed linen.
luggage storing space is provided at the front desk.
free wi-fi and parking are available, and guests can enjoy a broad breakfast menu.
a rich breakfast basket can be booked at concept living, which is delivered to the apartments.
restaurants and shops are no more than 200 metres away from each unit at appartements zermatt.
ben gurion airport is located 21 km from the property.
towels are available.
the baansanook bungalows are located a 2.5-hour drive from trad aiport and a 20-minute drive from the trad ferry terminal.
the free car park is just 50 metres away from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
sneem hotel offers rooms with views of kenmare bay or macgillycuddy’s reeks, ireland’s highest mountain range.
toluca international airport is 5 km from the hotel and free parking is available.
all rooms have a refrigerator and tea and coffee making facilities.
aphrodite hills golf & spa resort residences features deluxe apartments and villas with panoramic views of the golf course or mediterranean sea.
offering great-value rooms in the heart of rome, volturno house features rooms and dormitories with free wi-fi.
located 5 km from palais des festivals de cannes in cannes, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from terrace.
all grifid vistamar guests can use the multi-functional playground at the neighbouring grifid hotel bolero.
a dining area with a table is also provided.
the uk’s largest shopping centre outside london is a 30-minute drive away, and dumbarton rail station is less than 10 minutes’ drive from the building.
a 1-minute walk from sambraid beach, dibba farm is located in dibba.
the long sandy beach is within easy walking distance (100 metres), as are the numerous restaurants, shops and bars, for which the town is known.
a free shuttle runs once a day to and from jr chitose train station, 26 km away.
some have sea views.
each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletry set.
guests can also relax in the garden with a terrace.
guests can also use the kitchen at an extra cost.
a dining area is also provided.
the unit is 10 km from izmaylovsky kremlin.
multi-course meals with seasonal specialities are served for breakfast and dinner at nanten-en.
the centre of lucerne is a 15-minute drive away.
all air-conditioned rooms feature a tv, a hairdryer and an electrical kettle.
organic, locally sourced ingredients are blended in the mediterranean dishes of its stylish restaurant.
gävle castle is 900 metres from villastadens pendlarbostad, while railroad museum is 2.5 km away.
the rooms come with bed linen and wardrobe. the bathrooms are private and come with shower.
it includes a flat-screen tv, a balcony and a seating area. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the nearest airport is debrecen international airport, 7 km from the property.
each villa has 1 main double bedroom and 1 smaller twin bedroom.
on request, local buses stop in front of the ranch.
the property can provide barbecue facilities and laundry services.
several grocery shops are located nearby, and guests can cook in a fully equipped kitchen.
this hotel in caledonia, minnesota offers spacious rooms with free wi-fi and a cable tv. it features a daily continental breakfast and is just 5 minutes' drive from macal grove country club.
apartament polanki is an apartment located in gdańsk, 600 metres from university of gdańsk.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
the popular sokcho beach is under a 10-minute east and seoraksan national park is a 20-minute drive west.
you can borrow a portable tablet and games from reception.
guests can relax in the communal lounge or watch tv.
murcia-san javier airport can be reached within an hour’s drive.
the kitchen has a microwave and there is a private bathroom with slippers and free toiletries.
at paradise guest house you will find services like laundry and dry cleaning.
each room coffee-making facilities and an en suite bathroom at blue pine motel panguitch.
ideally located, 6 minutes’ walk from both paseo de gracia and central plaza catalunya, midtown apartments offers stylish, modern décor apartments with a seasonal pool and solarium in the building’s rooftop.
a daily breakfast buffet is served in the café.
the business center features a computer with free wi-fi and is open 24/7.
a private bathroom with bath or shower is also available.
rooms at scala dei turchi resort come with air conditioning, a minibar and free toiletries in the private bathroom.
aqua hostel is situated on the water in saint petersburg, 100 metres from petrovsky stadium.
the rooftop wellness centre includes a square hot tub, sauna and turkish bath.
during the summer months guests can barbecue in the hotel’s garden.
there are many restaurants, bars and cafés around the hostel.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is also provided.
free private parking spaces are available on the property’s premises.
the apartment features a tv and a private garden.
a hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
they are set in a family-run guest house.
continental breakfast is served daily while there is optional lunch and dinner, provided on request.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, oven, kettle and fridge.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave.
located 500 metres from manuel montt subway station, newen kara hostel offers accommodations in santiago.
a microwave, refrigerator and ironing facilities are also provided in all rooms.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the property offers free parking and there is free wifi available throughout.
the kitchen features a stove, refrigerator, coffee machine, electric kettle, and toaster, as well as a dining table for 4 persons.
the en suite bathroom offers shower facilities.
it has renovated air-conditioned interiors, while its restaurant serves authentic istrian specialities and offers cooking lessons.
guests can prepare a meal in the shared kitchen on site.
the property offers free parking.
barbecue facilities and grocery deliveries are also offered.
a simple breakfast which includes bread, eggs, coffee and milk is provided each morning.
it features an extensive garden, a terrace and free wi-fi throughout.
sishane metro station is right next to the hotel.
wollongong is 50 minutes’ away.
there is a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
dinners with traditional, moroccan dishes are also available upon prior reservation.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, sentrim boulevard hotel is located in nairobi.
a continental breakfast serving homemade marmalade, yogurt, cheese and pastries is provided each morning.
each room includes a private bathroom.
magdeburg, bahnhof salbke train station is 2.7 km from the hotel.
located 700 metres from st. pierre cathedral, studio city centre offers accommodation in geneva.
oxford suites boise is 7.5 km from boise airport and 10.5 km from boise state university.
with air conditioning and free wi-fi, each apartment is equipped with a tv and a kitchenette with oven, microwave and refrigerator.
both the apartments and the studio are spacious and bright.
the pet-friendly turondale artisans park is 30 minutes' drive from turon technology museum.
staff can arrange transfers to juan santamaria international airport, a 90-minute drive away.
the town of locarno and many of the sights, including the castello visconteo, chiesa di san francesco and santuario della madonna del sasso are less than 15 minutes’ by car from the hotel.
offered extras include a terrace, barbecue and garden furniture.
private on-site parking is free of charge from november 1st until april 1st.
featuring contemporary décor, bradford views apartments offer free wifi and interesting views over the rooftops of the town.
a hot tub, free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception are featured at hotel imperial.
indoors, you will find a cosy bar with a fireplace and comfortable red sofas.
joensuu airport is a 1.5-hour drive from the property.
within 4 km shops and restaurants can be found.
trabzon airport is 5 km from the hotel. trabzon hagia sophia museum is 3.5 km away.
a continental breakfast is available for an extra fee.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv.
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
private bathrooms have a shower and towels.
on street parking is available at a surcharge.
rooms include a flat-screen tv.
the fully-furnished apartments are fitted with air conditioning, a seating area, a private bathroom, a flat-screen tv, a dining area, a fully-equipped kitchen, bed linen and towels.
shg grand hotel milano malpensa is 1 km from somma lombardo train station, with links to milan.
the bright apartments are decorated in warm colours and offer modern interiors.
featuring free wifi, the house has a living room with sofas and a satellite tv, and a separate dining room.
the hoshiarpur railway station is 2 km while the sri guru ram dass jee international airport is 120 km.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
hotel amenities and features include, free wireless high-speed internet access in all rooms and public areas, free local calls, and free usa today.
tihany ferry port is at a distance of 5 km.
phrae bus station and phrae airport are within a 10-minute drive away from chatawan homestay, while lampang airport is 68 km from the property.
located only 20 metres from the beach of velika, tsatsoni anastasiou studios offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi and private balcony overlooking the aegean sea. tavernas, mini market, bars and a bakery are within a 2-minute walk.
downtown concord, california is 5 minutes from the motel.
best place in prague is located in prague, 400 metres away from the old town square and 550 metres away from charles bridge.
free wifi access is available.
other facilities include luggage storage, laundry service and free parking space.
davos congress centre is 300 metres from zentrum haus davos, while vaillant arena is 700 metres from the property.
asturias airport is 90 minutes’ drive away.
in brasserie ‘de boulevard’ guests can enjoy an extensive buffet breakfast and dinner buffet with typical belgian dishes.
the air-conditioned cabins are spread around the landscaped grounds. they all come with self-catering facilities and dvd players.
comfortable rooms with tasteful décor are offered just 8 blocks from cuenca’s cathedral. wi-fi is free and the bus station is 3 blocks from the hotel.
this 8-storey property also comes with free computer stations in the lobby, as well as a restaurant which serves western and asian dishes.
a shuttle service from/to main airports can be arranged on site.
the hotel offers the black sea panoramic view.
the colosseum is 30 minutes' walk away.
a delivery service from the bakery is available on request.
dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce, with daily fresh fish specials.
in the morning the hotel serves a complimentary hot breakfast of oatmeal and belgian waffles.
bucharest international airport is 154 km from here.
eko4rent apartments apolo is located in central torrevieja, 1 km from the nearest beach.
luggage storage and newspapers are available at the 24-hour front desk.
ensuite bathrooms are included.
several bars, restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes’ walk of hostal alhambra.
a tall white painted fence surrounds a secluded terrace with an outdoor dining area and barbecue facilities at west hollywood bungalow.
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
malmö airport is 30 km away from the hotel, while copenhagen airport is 24 km away.
holiday home ålbækparken spøttrup xi is located in ålbæk.
a full cornish breakfast is served each morning, featuring produce from the county.
tallinn train station is 750 metres away.
there is also storage space at the apartment for ski equipment.
located in gumbet district of muğla, tuana evleri is 30 metres from the nearest beach.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 19 km from apartment erod4.
the university of michigan is a 25-minute drive away.
the wildwood convention center is 1.5 miles from the motel. morey's piers & beachfront waterpark amusements are 2 miles away.
paveletskaya metro station is a 10-minute walk away.
guests can have relaxing moments in the sauna, bio sauna, hot tub, turkish bath and sensory shower with hydromassage.
the front desk is open 24 hours a day, and a private beach area is also available.
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchenette alternatively guests can visit the restaurants in the vicinity and taste the most traditional portuguese dishes.
a rocky beach is situated close to the house and guests can enjoy walks in the nearby woods.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
historic santa fe plaza is less than 1 mile away.
the centre of sorrento is only 10 minutes away on foot.
it also offers numerous excursions around lipari and the other aeolian islands like stromboli and salina, often at discount prices.
guests can visit the beaches in bar, budva and bečići, all within 35 km.
the rooms at hotel boutique chocolate have a modern décor with chocolate-colour motives and accessories.
guests can cook in the kitchenette equipped with a microwave, stove, oven and fridge.
church of ilya the prophet is 4 km from apartment on zhukova 30, while church of archangel michael is 4.1 km away.
it offers a tour desk, meeting facilities and 2 on-site restaurants.
elegant rooms all come with a cable tv, tea/coffee making facilities and a mini-fridge.
you can park your car free of charge on site.
the ground floor includes the bedroom with 2 single beds and a sofa bed.
alternatively, visit local eateries located a short walking distance from the guesthouse.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio.
guests can play a game of billiards or read the daily newspapers at the lobby area.
the apartment also offers a tv with a dvd player and a mini hi-fi system.
plovdiv airport is 50 km away.
springhill suites grand forks features rooms with a 37-inch lcd tv, and an outdoor terrace with fireplace is available.
thongsala pier is a 40-minute drive from mai pen rai bungalows. full moon party beach, haad rin can be reached within a 40-minutes speedboat ride.
the property has a garden and seating area with views over the fields, and there are many walks from the farmhouse.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven.
the hotel features a 24-hour reception.
a shuttle service is available to bryansk central station (15 minutes) and bryansk international airport.
lien an hotel features modern rooms with free wi-fi.
there is free wifi access available and the property offers free parking.
it consists of a seating area with flat-screen, satellite tv, as well as a kitchen with stove and a modern dining area.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, mini hotel zhemchuzhina offers accommodation in sol'-iletsk.
ferienwohnung anderl provides an ideal getaway for cyclists or holidaymakers who wish to explore this beautiful alpine region.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a children's playground.
easily discover the sedgwick county zoo or the numerous shops at towne west mall only a short distance from the wichita airport candlewood suites.
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities.
staff can provide concierge and laundry services.
the pesto italian restaurant serves traditional piattini, which are small savoury dishes.
rooms for disabled guests are available.
rooms include a flat-screen tv.
the restaurant specialises in regional cuisine.
the panoramabahn kitzbüheler alpen i cable car is 1.5 km from appartement gruber.
with low-cost parking on site, this property is situated a 5-minute drive from majorelle gardens and a 17-minute drive from marrakech menara airport.
riverbend guest house is located in saskatoon.
a magnificent hotel nestled in udaipur, also known as city of lakes, devendra garh palace, udaipur features an outdoor swimming pool and comfortable rooms with private balconies.
leisure activities in the area include fishing and sailing on lake forggensee (2 km) or hiking on tegelberg mountain (3 km).
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is 15 km from the property.
located on wenceslas square, apartments oasis city offers modern accommodation units of varying sizes, wellness treatments in its sauna and has a restaurant.
opening out onto private balconies and patios, airy rooms at villa la palma include a spacious lounge with tv and dvd set.
make a 20-minute walk to senkoji temple and enjoy a bird’s eye view of the onomichi area.
featuring stone walls and original wooden beams, heated rooms have flat-screen tv and wooden floors.
set on the dephi adventure resort in leenaun, the wild atlantic hostel offers free wifi in public areas and a shared lounge.
situated just a few steps from the sand and the sea, each of these beachfront apartments has a private balcony with stunning views over the pool, the beach and the coral sea.
they include a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
the rooms are spacious, stylishly decorated and feature a led tv with digital channels, as well as a seating area with books.
all the rooms overlook the surrounding garden.
all rooms at the mosè feature cool tiled floors and wrought-iron beds. each is equipped with air conditioning, satellite tv, and private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
various restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance.
the bathroom comes with free toiletries.
this rural hotel with its gourmet restaurant and bistro is beautifully situated in its own private park on the banks of a river in the haute sûre valley, an ideal place for many outdoor activities.
argonauta's hillside location on punta bunga bay offers panoramic ocean and sunset views.
salamaua restaurant & bar is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
free on site private parking is available.
blumenau hotel is situated 150 metres from shopping centre atlantico, 10 km from itajai and 13 km from itapema.
catania is 8 km from come in sicily fisherman house, while taormina is 35 km from the property.
the hotel is just a 3-minute walk from jr shimbashi train station and shimbashi subway station.
hotel conquistador inn by us consulate features a seasonal outdoor pool, free wi-fi and a free shuttle service to the centre of ciudad juarez, 8 km away.
the two-bedroom accommodation will provide a cable tv, free wifi and a ghetto blaster.
bike hire is available nearby and the area is popular for hiking.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven and microwave. a toaster is also available, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
the porto bello is 25 km from agios nikolaos free public parking is available.
all rooms come without windows and offer air conditioning and a tv.
offering free wifi in public areas and a garden, apartments siebnerhof is a self-catering accommodation located in san candido, innichen. the property is 400 metres from haunold chairlift.
barberini metro is 800 metres away and offers direct links to the vatican museums.
fitted with a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
guests benefit from patio. free wifi is offered throughout the property.
it offers a tour desk, a library and a bar.
the on-site restaurant, bougainvillier, is managed by a michelin-starred chef, who offers fixed menus, à la carte dining and daily suggestions.
st bernard's whisky and champagne bar offers a wide variety of scotch whiskies and french champagne.
coffee, tea and juice are also provided.
the kitchen includes a dishwasher and microwave.
guests can use the shared kitchen.
towels and bed linen are featured at la casa azzurra.
its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast.
there are also a shared lounge and shared seating areas for guests' comfort.
the kitchen comes with an oven, a microwave and a toaster and there is a private bathroom.
located in caboolture, bellmere is 25 minutes' drive form deception bay.
box canyon falls is within 5 minutes’ walk from the hotel. ouray alchemist museum is 5 minutes’ drive from twin peaks lodge & hot springs.
the family kingdom resort offers pet-friendly accommodation in freetown.
rooms here are simply but elegantly decorated.
private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
the property is 9 km from mymall and free private parking is provided.
split ferry port, lively bacvice beach and the historic diocletian palace are within 3 km of the apartments kekez.
fortel chennai hotel is only a 12-minute drive from marina beach, while kapaleswar temple is 15 minutes away.
the fully-furnished apartments are fitted with a dining area, a fully-equipped kitchen, bed linen, towels and a terrace with a city view and a great view of the andes mountain range.
each includes a private bathroom with hairdryer and slippers.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
the hotel is a great base for guests wishing to visit düsseldorf or cologne.
free wine-tasting and a visit of the winery is available on request.
situated 200 metres from längenfeld’s centre, landsitz im reitle is next to the free ski bus, which connects it to sölden ski area, 15 km away.
it offers rooms with free internet and cable tv, a coffee shop, bar and free parking.
the jodhpur airport is 300 km away.
international cuisine and specialties from portugal's estremadura region are served at the hotel's restaurant.
meeting facilities are available on site.
main bus station can be found 1 km from the property, while tivat airport is just 5 km away.
featuring an indoor pool and a hot tub, double tree by hilton hotel omaha southwest is 10 minutes’ drive from university of nebraska omaha.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
the 2 private bathrooms come with a shower.
krabi airport is a 30-minute drive away.
centrally located between the hilo and kailua kona, the hawai'i island inn is located in naalehu on big island, hawaii.
cable tv and free wired internet access are provided.
bivouac akabar is located in merzouga in the middle of the dunes.
for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the shuttle stop to the beach is just 200 metres away.
each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries.
elida family hotel in bansko, located 700 metres from the cable car station, offers a free ski shuttle service, as well as a sauna and hot tub facilities.
buffet breakfast is served every morning.
housing a restaurant with à la carte hungarian and international dishes, the polgármester étterem és panzió is located in fertőszéplak, 3 km from the thermal bath in hegykő and eszterházy castle.
the property is approximately 700 metres from the centre of umag and 1.5 km from the local bus station.
some units offer a spa bath.
the ski lift tanvaldský špičák is 3 km from the property, whilst the reservoir jablonecká can be found within a range of 5 km.
holiday home svend gønges vej is located in fakse. the property is suitable for 4 guests.
la moneda metro station and la moneda government house are both 150 metres from the property.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a dishwasher. an oven and microwave are also provided, as well as a kettle.
a hot tub and a spa bath are present in some rooms.
other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
you can play tennis and table tennis at this resort, and the area is popular for fishing and hiking.
the property is 8 km from sopot and private parking is offered.
a sauna, fitness centre and a massage room are available at the small spa facilities.
the family-run seehotel riviera is situated in the small bay of gersau at lake lucerne, surrounded by a marvellous mountain scenery.
guests can also relax in the garden, which offers several fruit trees.
a business centre is also available.
extra facilities include washing machine and tumble dryer.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
this 4-star victorian guest house has free wi-fi and free on-site parking.
penedo bus terminal is 16 km from campanário.
free private parking is available on site.
birchington-on-sea railway station is just 7 minutes' walk away.
additional facilities at the skanes sérail include free sunbeds and parasol at the private beach, car rental and sports facilities.
rooms include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player.
the walton's mountain museum is 19 miles from the motel.
featuring a shared terrace, casa perella offers rooms a 4-minute drive from the centre of corciano.
guests can recharge with a swim or lounge by the swimming pool with a drink from the bar and choose thai and western favourites or fresh seafood from dara samui beach resort and villa's 2 on-site restaurants.
salmon fishing trips can be arranged at the tilenmore fishery on the famous river finn, and golf tee off times can be arranged at top golf clubs. a variety of shopping, pubs and clubs, and restaurants can be found in belfast city centre, as well as live music, theatre and museums.
hotel los olivos in getafe, just south of madrid, has an outdoor swimming pool and attractive gardens.
the reception desk offers fax and copy services.
a hammam, sauna and massage treatments are available from the on-site wellness centre.
the kaiservilla palace and the eurotherme thermal baths are within 1 km.
some rooms come with an open table and chairs with garden views.
safety equipment such as a life vest and fire extinguisher are provided.
some units feature views of the sea or pool.
kodiket inn offers ironing and laundry services at a surcharge.
nasher museum of art and sarah p. duke gardens are 4 km away.
the terrain is excellent for exploring by boat or bicycle, both of which are available for hire.
the buffet breakfast can be taken in the comfort of your room or on the terrace under the pergola.
located on the countryside of hazerswoude-dorp, boomkwekerij en buitenplaats offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
all rooms have satellite tv, a work desk and a bathroom with a shower.
guest at the castello miramare can start the day with an italian buffet breakfast. breakfast can also be enjoyed in guests’ rooms.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in each unit.
featuring a pc, each room at aubeson motel is well-equipped with a flat-screen tv, fridge and electric kettle.
all have a spacious marble bathroom with a walk-in shower and iznik mosaic tiles.
free parking is available on site.
kents hill park is a business centre offering a modern leisure centre and stylish restaurant, as well as cosy rooms with free wi-fi.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
in the centre of petrovac and along a seaside promenade guests can found various restaurants and bars.
the bathroom at cottage mäntykallio includes a shower, washing machine and hairdryer.
come and stay in the individually designed rooms of the hotel hottmann.
antwerp backpackers hostel is situated 1.2 km from the central station.
cosy beds feature egyptian cotton sheets and duck down duvets, while private bathrooms include a hair-dryer.
the town of skelskør, 5 km away, has a variety of restaurants.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing and snorkelling.
conveniently located a 5-minute walk from the main square of cusco, hostal umiña cusco offers accommodations with free wi-fi access.
the restaurant serves as an open buffet style in the green garden full of flowers.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
there is a private bathroom with bathrobes in every unit.
featuring a seasonal indoor pool and great mountain views, casa coleta is set in countryside, 7 km from oviedo.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
the bright and airy restaurant serves a varied international menu for lunch and evening dining.
it offers spacious rooms and a peaceful nature surrounding.
laundry service is available here.
each has an electric kettle and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and shower.
offering free wifi access, this holiday home is located in a residential area just a 15-minute walk from jingumarutamachi train station. guests can enjoy staying in a home featuring edo era-inspired décor.
torino porta nuova train station is just a 2-minute walk away.
the ratusz metro station is 750 metres away from the cozy downtown loft studio, and restaurants, bars and shops are nearby.
portugal dos pequenitos themed park is within a 10-minute drive from residencial jantesta.
iława is 20 km from zajazd nad dryweca, while miłomłyn is 41 km away.
the apartment has a seating and dining area, kitchenette and bbq facilities. it includes a satellite tv and fireplace.
located a 7-minute drive from shimoda train station, pension manten stars ohama is friendly accommodation with barbecue facilities and a large dining space.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the three bathrooms come with a toilet and shower.
fitted with parquet flooring and four-poster beds, spacious air-conditioned rooms are furnished with a wardrobe, in-room safe, a flat-screen cable tv and sofa seating area.
set near the candigliano river, agriturismo la caprareccia offers provides country-style accommodation, an outdoor pool and restaurant.
paradise island golf course is a 15-minute drive from el greco beach hotel, while lyndon pindling international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
featuring a terrace, casa rural ca ferminet is located in benissili.
the ostseebad train station is 600 metres away, and the a20 motorway is 70 km from appartementhaus gutenberg.
free wifi is available in hotel rooms.
guests can enjoy the facilities at the spa natura resort, including the spa and swimming pools.
the villa has 3 floors and is composed of 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms.
some bathrooms have a private bathroom with towels.
the shared kitchen features a microwave, a fridge and kitchenware.
chinatown is 13 minutes’ walk away.
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
the nearest supermarket is 2 km from the apartments.
the lloret de mar bus station connected to barcelona and others cities on the costa brava is 750 metres away.
they all feature a refrigerator, heating, satellite tv and a private bathroom.
a hairdryer is supplied and guests have access to a shared bathroom, which is fitted with a shower.
the uganda national museum is within 2.5 km of fairway hotel & spa and entebbe international airport is within 45 km. gaddafi mosque is 4 km away from the property.
pantanal inn hotel is less than 10 km from asuncion city centre.
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport, 78 km from the property.
within walking distance of tanjung benoa’s nightlife, the bali khama beach resort and spa is located a 20-minute drive from the ngurah rai international airport.
apartment on rynok square 5 is an apartment located in the centre of lviv, a few steps from the bandinelli palace.
the m27 motorway is a few minutes away, offering connections across the black sea coastline.
la mamma serves traditional italian or french cuisine and regional specialties.
harmony hill wellness and organic spa retreat is located in margate, 30 minutes’ drive from hobart.
city comfort inn shenzhen qinghu subway station branch is located in the bao'an district in shenzhen, 13 km from shenzhen stadium.
free private parking is available at sarova.
there are shared, bright bathrooms with white tiles and hand dryers.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
offering a beach front and spa and wellness center, bougainvillea patnem is located just 1.5 km from the canacona railway station and canacona bus station.
special diet menus can also be prepared for lunch and dinner.
the puente vidosa’s restaurant serves typical asturian cuisine.
the loipersdorf thermal is 17 km or a 20-minute drive away.
the apartment is soundproofed and has a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a washing machine. there is a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
a free ski bus brings you to the ski areas of kappl and ischgl in the winter.
hostal paramonga is located in nazca. free wifi access is available.
marina di campo airport is 47 km from the property.
apartment diagonal mar is a classic-style apartment located in barcelona.
a free large private parking area is available on site.
after a session at the gym or squash court, guests can enjoy a relaxing massage in the privacy of their room.
sarajevo international airport is 11 km away.
en suite bathroom comes with a shower and a set of toiletries.
the unesco-protected historic town of kotor is 24 km away from the apartment.
an hourly ski bus takes you from the hotel to the plan de corones ski slopes, 25 km away.
arena civica is 2.9 km from maison portello, while sforzesco castle is 3.4 km away.
the mercure george hotel is just 5 minutes' walk from reading central station.
located in cernoy-en-berry, gite le moulin de la barre offers self-catering accommodation with a private terrace and garden.
bright rooms have a seating area, a minibar, and a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
bačvice beach can be reach in a 10-minute walk away.
guests can rent bicycles and buy ski passes for the hochficht ski area in austria, 37 km away.
free parking and rooms with free wired internet access are provided.
all units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave.
the lounge comes with an international satellite tv and a dinner table.
luggage storage is available at reception.
a seating area with cable tv is available.
to start a day, there is a rich buffet breakfast served.
rooms at munay suyo escallini feature a shared bathroom, guests can enjoy a private beach area and bike hire is available.
tea room keyaki restaurant offers a hearty breakfast buffet featuring freshly baked bread and japanese dishes.
situated in saratoga springs, new york, 1.4 km from the national museum of racing and hall of fame, saratoga casino hotel has an on-site casino and a restaurant.
a selection of cakes, snacks and coffees is served throughout the day.
it has air-conditioned rooms with lift access, satellite tv and free wi-fi.
the hotel is located a 30-minute drive from manza kazawaguchi train station.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a fridge.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out san siro (4.8 km) and duomo milan (600 m).malpensa airport is located 41 km from the property.
every morning a breakfast buffet is served and guests have free wi-fi internet access.
ecological sanctuary is 2 km from the property while madeiro beach is 2,5 km.
a continental breakfast is delivered to guests’ rooms each morning.
malin beach is 500 metres from the property.
on request, breakfast is available every morning in the property's restaurant.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 16 km from the property.
each chalet has a very small outdoor pool available in summer months.
set in an old renovated mansion in poşta câlnău in buzău county, pensiunea valverde features a restaurant serving traditional romanian cuisine, prepared with home products from the owners’ garden and farm.
the kitchen is equipped with a coffee machine.
danube plaza hotel is situated in the heart of ruse and right at svoboda square.
they are equipped with air-conditioning, lockers and shared bathrooms.
breakfast is a continental buffet, available every morning.
some bathrooms offer a bathtub and separate shower facilities.
nanmen bridge is 500 metres from china blue inn. guan men kou is 600 metres away.
guests enjoy a shared terrace, free bikes and a shared kitchen.
main landmarks and sites are within walking distance of teatro bellini bed and breakfast.
guests can make use of barbecue facilities in summer months or enjoy a game of billiards.
sanrio puroland is a 40-minute drive away, while yukohama chine town can be reached within a 50-minute drive.
guests can enjoy relaxing massages and the use of a sauna and hot tub at the spa.
shops and restaurants can be found 700 metres from the property.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv.
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 km.
located in ajmer, in rajasthan, hotel sobhraj features a terrace and free wi-fi throughout. guests can enjoy their meals at the restaurant.
there are tennis, minigolf, handball and volleyball courts nearby.
at hotel conclave comfort you will find a terrace.
the in-house restaurant serves multi-cuisine dishes.
the apartment features a fully equipped kitchen with dining area, a living room with sofa, bathroom, tv, free wifi and a balcony.
there is a spacious furnished terrace with dining and seating areas.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning at the hotel restaurant, the amadeus, which specialises in old polish and european dishes.
the classic-style rooms are air conditioned and offer a flat-screen satellite tv and seating area.
the unit features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 16 km from apartment on 8-ya sovetskaya.
hotel fairway is 500 metres from the amritsar railway station and 2 km from the golden temple.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 18 km from the property.
other facilities at casa rosa include a furnished terrace.
the property offers a shared lounge area and table tennis.
there's an entertainment room with a disco where live shows and theme parties are organised.
a breakfast is provided each morning at la fontaine.
the apartment features free wi-fi.
all guest rooms include a cable tv, small refrigerator, and coffee-making facilities.
apartments feature a fully equipped kitchenette with microwave and fridge. each apartment has a bathroom complete with hairdryer and toiletry set.
additional amenities include 2 sofa beds and a flat-screen tv.
the nearest restaurants are also available just around the corner.
there is a restaurant across the street where breakfast for guests is served, other restaurants are only 50 metres away.
it's large terrace comes with an outdoor seating area and sun loungers.
in the evenings, seasonal dishes are served in the restaurant, and guests can also enjoy coffee and cakes in the afternoon.
a bus stop is a 2-minute walk away, and the männlichen cable car can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
west nanjing road line 2 metro station is a 10-minute walk away.
the bed and breakfast is a 5-minute drive from kenyatta international conference centre, while the kenya parliament buildings 1.6 km away.
featuring free wifi access, a complimentary breakfast and conveniently located in the city centre, only 2 blocks from the main square, hostal del centro talca offers accommodations in talca.
take a refreshing dip in the salt-water swimming pool or unwind in the spa pool with a drink from the pool bar. this coastal resort also offers a spa, so you can indulge in the various body treatments and soothing massages they have available.
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport, 9 km from siesta sopot comfort apartment.
lively kastanienallee street is a 10-minute walk from the apartments and features various cafés, restaurants and galleries.
several restaurant options are accessible within a 10-minute walk, most serving the algarve’s typical fish and seafood delicacies.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer in every unit. towels are offered.
congonhas airport is 25 km away, while barueri bus station is 5 km from the property.
children’s shows with guest stars, a children’s playground and pool are sure to keep the little ones busy.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
guests can sip on drinks or hot beverages at the hotel’s café-bar.
the private bathroom comes with a bath/shower combination.
the public area includes a refrigerator and a small library.
air-conditioned and heated, this house with free wifi also features a room with a hot tub and provides barbecue facilities in the garden.
izmir adnan menderes airport is 70 km away.
sochi discovery world aquarium is 11 km from olimpiysky park guest house, while sochi autodrom is 2 km away.
featuring a wide garden with fruit trees and bbq facilities, b&b de monte castelnuovo is characterised by partial stone walls and rustic interiors.
furnished wooden flooring, air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a cable flat-screen tv, a minibar and a seating area.
hepburn regional park is a 25-minute drive away.
breakfast includes home-made wheaten bread, and there is free parking.
the nearest airport is olbia costa smeralda airport, 4 km from the property.
at toronto vacation home rentals - executive underground one-bedroom apartment you will laundry facilities.
the property features views of the city and is 500 metres from via indipendenza.
the munich airport marriott is just a 25-minute drive from the allianz arena, and a 35-minute drive from munich city centre and the neue messe (new exhibition centre).
all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower and a selection of toiletries.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
situated along the mediterranean shores, this hotel features a private beach area with free sun loungers and parasols.
the hyatt place long island east end features contemporary guest rooms with a 42-inch flat-screen tv, refrigerator, and sofa bed.
the property has a library where books can be exchanged.
there is also a dining table.
you can enjoy cold and hot drinks at the polaris’ bar and relax on the sunbathing terrace.
this camping ground features a hot tub, sauna, fishing holes, and a large, fenced outdoor swimming area with sun loungers. it is situated in pouville-sur-mer, 3 km south of dieppe.
in the hotel leisure ́s area, there is a barbecue facility, bar service, deck and a hot tub unit.
all rooms come with a private bathroom.
just 5 minutes’ drive from central alice springs, alice on todd apartments offer self-catering accommodation with flat-screen tvs and free wi-fi internet.
every room has a private balcony, an lcd satellite tv, an en suite bathroom and free wi-fi.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
this modern hotel offers rooms with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv.
the property offers free parking.
tennis and billiards can be enjoyed on site.
continental breakfast is served each morning and it features hot coffee or tea along with fresh fruit and pastries.
cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport is a 15-minute drive away.
the bright rooms come with a tv and a table with chairs each.
just 100 metres from sozopol’s popular harmanite beach, hotel logatero offers tastefully designed rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv.
all apartments have modern décor and parquet floors.
the rooms are spacious, and classically furnished.
akisol bairro alto luxury features deluxe apartments set in lisbon’s historical bairro alto. the units are a 9-minute walk from lisbon’s downtown area, the chiado, with its typical cafés and shops.
the air-conditioned rooms include an ipod docking station and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
pension mai has 2 restaurants, offer a rich variety of dishes from romanian and international cuisine.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the beach in port launay is only 2 minutes' drive by car.
during summer they also offer beach towels and parasols to be used at the beach.
located in hurzuf, 11 km from yalta, guest house on stroiteley 23 features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking.
each room has a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and coffee machine are also available.
an outdoor pool and a continental breakfast are featured.
the cala montero ii apartments are 2.5 km from the centre of vinarós.
this modern, functional hotel offers a gym and a sauna.
set in a historical building in the centre of vannes, kyriad vannes centre offers soundproofed and air-conditioned rooms.
the property also offers a mini-market.
massages and beauty treatments are also on offer.
it features modern decor, a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture, a shower room and a hairdryer.
germany's border is 400 metres away, and altenberg ski area is 3 km away.
most units enjoy panoramic views over the cretan sea from their furnished verandas.
the property has a private beach area where they can get free non-alcoholic drinks.
playa los esteros beach is a 5-minute drive from the property, while eloy alfaro airport can be reached in 10 minutes by car.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for cycling.
appartements basfroi is located just 300 metres from voltaire metro station, which provides direct access to galeries lafayettes, the champs-elysées and the eiffel tower.
all rooms come with a flat-screen cable tv and a seating area for your convenience.
the bed and breakfast is 1 km from the church of the savior on spilled blood and less than 2 km from palace square.
breheimsenteret glacier centre, 2 km away, assists in booking area activities such as guided glacier hiking tours, rafting and kayaking.
maratea is a 27-minute drive from new blu eden hotel, while scalea is 9 km away.
acquapendente is a 20-minute drive from holiday home lagaccione, and lake bolsena is 38 km away.
the kitchen includes a cooking stove, a microwave and a fridge.
some apartments have a fully equipped kitchen and a balcony.
besides the free private parking, at villa andalucia designer hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
a varied breakfast buffet is served daily and the restaurant specialises in mediterranean cuisine.
drinks are served on the hotel's terrace, which boasts fantastic ocean views.
the property is 20 km from salou and free private parking is offered.
located on juhu beach, sun-n-sand mumbai offers beachfront accommodation with an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and 5 dining options.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including snorkelling and canoeing.
free wi-fi is offered in guest rooms at this merritt property.
rooms and apartments at aithrio are uniquely decorated in bright colours and come with a tv, air conditioning and en-suite bathroom with hairdryer and free toiletries. some units include a kitchenette, while they all have a mini fridge and electric kettle.
fitted with tiled or wooden flooring, air-conditioned rooms and bungalows feature a private balcony and large windows with tropical garden views.
begin the day at the staybridge suites glenview with a free breakfast buffet, or take advantage of in-room stoves, toasters and microwaves.
guests have access to 2 shared outdoor pools.
zurich’s city centre can be reached within 20 minutes on foot and the wiedikon train station is 200 metres away.
billund airport is located 77 km from the property.
zadar train station is 20 minutes' walk away and zadar airport is a 20-minute drive from the property.
the bathroom offers a bath, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
this dog-friendly hotel has a terrace and views of the garden, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
each room is en suite and also includes a tv.
the trip involves a boat trip to the wonderful nearby islands for diving and snorkelling.
it boasts free wifi and a fully equipped kitchen.
guests can order a meal in the hotel’s à la carte restaurant serving european cuisine.
the restaurant just below the residence serves traditional french cuisine and moroccan specialities.
a wide range of therapeutic treatments based on the medicinal waters are available.
leuven central station is 1 km away.
after savoring a complimentary breakfast, you can work in the on-site business room or go to the 14th floor to relax in the sauna and work out in the gym while enjoying panoramic views.
only 100 metres from the nearest beach, nontas apartments offers an outdoor pool with sun loungers and umbrellas.
banquet and meeting facilities are also available.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
dalaman airport is within 100 km.
tida dining shinsaishin serves chinese dishes and a breakfast buffet featuring local vegetables.
guests can go fishing or play bowling and billiards.
set in petite suisse luxembourgeoise within 5 km of echternach, hotel kinnen offers spacious rooms, an à-la-carte restaurant and free wifi.
taksim metro, which allows an easy access to other sites of the city, is also within a walk.
free on-site parking is available as well.
the chinese restaurant serves a wide range of xiang and cantonese dishes.
it features an outdoor swimming pool and panoramic views of the indian ocean.
just 200 metres from batumi beach, istanbul hotel features a turkish sauna, an on-site night club and rooms with a balcony.
the apartments are a 4-minute walk from the closest bakery cafes and restaurants are also within a 4 minutes’ walk from the apartments.
a children's playground is located just 200 metres from the house and there is a choice of restaurants nearby.
the nearest grocery store is 20 metres away, while various restaurants can be found 400 metres from the guest house martina.
highland lake inn's on-site restaurant, season’s, offers internationally-inspired cuisine in a fine dining atmosphere.
boasting a flat-screen satellite tv and balcony, all rooms at the giu al mulino are soundproofed.
toilets and bathing facilities are shared, and provide brand amenities.
there is a seating area and a kitchen.
the season beach is 1.2 km from holiday apartment in netanya, while blue bay beach is 2.7 km away.
a washing machine as well as ironing facilities are included.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can benefit from a spacious bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
guests also have access with and additional charge to ancre marine’s wellness space, which offers a variety of spa and relaxation treatments and has an infrared sauna and shiatsu massage chair.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surrounding areas such as diving and hiking.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
joz nest apart consists of 2 bedrooms and a seating area.
the cornerstone business centre is less than 10 minutes’ drive from the slave lake holiday inn express hotel & suites.
the 3-star hotel ladenmühle offers spacious, comfortably furnished rooms with modern amenities, including free wireless internet access and lovely views.
a la carte breakfast is provided daily.
the wellness area can be used free of charge and comes with an indoor pool, a hot tub, different saunas and a gym.
rooms also have a tv, radio, hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities.
it is composed of a kitchen, separate living room with dining area and sofa bed.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving indian, chinese and continental fare.
located in mallemort, squarebreak - appartement golf de pont royal offers an outdoor swimming pool and table tennis.
pondicherry railway station is 1.4 km and the puducherry airport is 8 km away.
the suites also feature tea facilities and the deluxe suite comprises a hot tub on the terrace.
every unit has a private bathroom with a bidet, bathrobes, and a hairdryer.
a free shuttle service to malpensa airport, 11 km away, is provided.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
a buffet breakfast is available in the hotel’s bright dining room, which features floor-to-ceiling windows.
free wifi access is available, as well as free public parking off site.
douro cister hotel is 147 km from porto international airport.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the hotel is 1 km from fontainebleau golf course. the train station, 4 km away, provides direct access to paris in 45 minutes.
there is an on-site restaurant and bar.
some of the local attractions include: marble arch caves, belleek pottery, ulster american folk park, castlecoole house and devenish island.
the galluswarte s-bahn (city rail) station is a 3-minute walk away from the hotel attaché, providing a fast and easy link to all of frankfurt’s top sights.
monte placido’s charming apartments open onto private terraces with sea and garden views.
dubrovnik airport can be reached by car in 25 minutes. airport transfers can be arranged upon request.
with an elegant and modern design and free wi-fi throughout, grand hotel sofia is in the unesco world heritage site of noto.
restaurants and bars can be found within a short walk.
orlando international airport is 20 miles away.
apartment schullehrer enjoys a calm location 150 metres from the centre of kauns.
electric kettle is also provided. the attached bathroom comes with shower facility.
barcelona airport can be reached in an hour's drive, while girona can is 40 minutes away by car.
seconds from six flags over texas amusement park and offering free local area shuttle service, this hotel features a daily hot breakfast buffet and free wi-fi.
guests at the property can enjoy the local and international gastronomy served at the on-site restaurant.
free guarded private parking is offered.
best western dammam hotel has a restaurant and room service.
edremit korfez airport is 45 km away.
offering an outdoor pool and barbecue facilities, olive tree b&b is situated in upington in the northern cape region.
offering panoramic views on bastia’s old port and the mediterranean sea, appartement au coeur de la citadelle is a self-catering accommodation located in the heart of the citadel of bastia.
the property has a 100 m2 spa area with a steam bath, finish sauna, spa shower and a relaxation room.
guests will be 5 km from the governors mansion.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is also a coffee machine.
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage.
3 restaurants are located within the swiss holiday park.
city beach is a 15-minute walk away.
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing, snorkeling and windsurfing.
one of the 2 bathrooms includes a spa bath.
the property is 2 km from the fingers beach and from gorlero avenue.
la casa di sissi b&b is 4 km from sanremo train station.
private parking is available on site free of charge.
only a 10-minute walk from the famous chunxi road, ziyou ren boutique apartment features apartments with free wi-fi and a private kitchenette.
red square is 1.3 km from apartment kozitsky per 1a.
the apartment is 2 km from sochi train station, and sochi international airport is 28 km away.
the hotel is located in the heart of minden, close to the market place, surrounded by the minden cathedral, the city hall as well as by many half timbered houses of the city. built in 1840, it now has been transformed into a jewel of architecture.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, fishing and diving.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling. a range of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
in addition, every room has satellite tv, a mini-fridge and a hairdryer.
just a 2-minute walk from jr akita station, the toyoko inn higashi-guchi offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi. it provides chargeable massages, a launderette and free-use computers and a printer.
situated on a private stretch of sulu beach, this resort offers air-conditioned cottages.
albergo san vitale is located in the very heart of bologna, near its famous university.
local restaurants can be found within walking distance from the guesthouse.
ottaviano metro station is 3 minutes’ walk from the cesar vatican, and offers direct links to termini station, the spanish steps and trevi fountain.
hotel goldener adler will provide guided city walks as well as trips in the surrounding area upon request.
fraddie guest house is a cozy property which offers a safety deposit box for valuables as well as laundry and luggage storage facilities.
the beach is set 800 metres from the alexandrovi apartment. cacao beach is set 3 km away, while the centre of sunny beach can be reached within 2 km.
upon request, staff at reception can organise excursions to the zingaro national reserve.
all rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
a tv is provided in each air-conditioned room at hotel di fratteli. a minibar is provided.
the kitchenette is equipped with a stovetop and microwave.
varied breakfast buffets are prepared at the stadthotel.
the nearest airport is podgorica airport, 39 km from the property.
guests can relax on the pirámide’s terrace or enjoy a drink in the complex’s bar.
located just 900 metres from the mediterranean sea, visir resort spa is set outside mazara del vallo.
terraces kolobrzeg is located in kołobrzeg, 750 metres from the beach.
gelendzhik city centre is a 10-minute walk from the magnoliya.
all of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the garden.
the motel offers a daily breakfast.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
all air-conditioned rooms are fully renovated, spacious, bright and comfortable.
the living area has a tv with a dvd player.
pescara is a 50-minute drive away.
towels are available.
wifi is available for a surcharge.
situated in london, this apartment is 1.4 km from london bridge.
the seelisberg - dorf bus stop is 20 metres from the tell.
situated in the centre of balchik, only a few metres from the black sea, los dos gallos offers rooms and suites with balconies and free wifi.
mini-hotel also serves a daily breakfast.
offering ski rentals and ski to door access, this rossland lodge is 45 km away from west kootenay regional airport.
room service is provided.
at hikks villa you will find barbecue facilities.
the very large holiday home comprises a well-equipped kitchen, shared bathrooms and a common room with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
combining traditional balinese architecture with modern amenities, the property includes a main infinity pool, spa and restaurant.
hotel's staff can provide information on local attractions and helps to arrange tours, vehicle rentals and hot-air balloon flights.an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
it offers complimentary wi-fi access and private parking.
guests will be 24.3 miles from talladega superspeedway.
wi-fi is provided free of charge in the entire property.
featuring free wifi, zen rooms libertad railway station offers accommodation in manila, 1 km from world trade center manila.
just 5 metres from the coast, apartments krivokapic offers self-catering accommodation with a private patio and panoramic views of boka bay.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
at fifth floor guest house you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
city apartments are situated 1 km from the koszalin train station.
featuring an outdoor pool and a garden, villa poggio san felice offers classic accommodation in poggio imperiale, just 2 km from florence. the property is a 10-minute drive from the boboli gardens.
guests can request to rent a car to explore the area.
bairro alto, the city's famed bar area, is a 10-minute walk, as are the shops and cafés of chiado. there is a stop of the famous tram 28 and city tours hop on hop off in front of the property.
offering an outdoor pool and surrounded by garden cabañas luna lunera
some rooms also include a balcony.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding.
guests can enjoy a cooked or continental breakfast in the comfort of their own rooms.
laundry service is available at a fee.
supermarkets, restaurants and bars are within 5 minutes’ drive, in alahärmä town centre.
on request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning.
also guests can order breakfast in room, and barbecue facilities are available on site.
the cigar room and games lounge in the lobby provide an elegant setting to relax in.
boasting an outdoor pool, la danesa is a self-catering accommodation in villa del dique.
lunch and dinner are possible to order in advance.
guests at rivadoro hotel have 2 sun loungers included at the property’s private beach.
the brunswick has a vibrant cafe-bar, brutti ma buoni, which stays open to 04:00 and is a popular city spot at weekends.
room service is also offered.
ideally located on the banks of the regnitz river in bamberg, just 1 km from the old town, this luxury, 4-star hotel offers elegant accommodation with free wifi opposite the convention centre.
there is a closed yard inside the building.
at hotel starý mlýn guests will find a bar and barbecue facilities.
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the property offers free parking.
sao bang hotel is 1 km from hoan kiem lake and 1.5 km from dong xuan market.
free parking is available on site.
located on leshan road, this hotel is a 20-minute drive to shantou railway station and shantou qishan bus station is a 10-minute drive away.
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub.
haus franziskus enjoys a quiet location in sankt sebastian, only a 10-minute walk from the centre of mariazell, austria’s most famous pilgrimage site with its impressive basilica.
the kitchenette comes with a hob and fridge.
bicycle and car rental services are available for those who wish to explore the area.
there is also a shared kitchen.
guests benefit from patio and a sun terrace. free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the classic-style rooms come with a satellite flat-screen tv and a fully equipped en suite bathroom.
edgewood tahoe public golf course is 3 minutes’ drive away. montbleu casino is 13 minutes’ walk away.
golf is available at the villa’s neighborhood course.
penang international airport is accessible with a 14 km drive.
both of colchester’s railways stations are just a short walk away, with london liverpool street only 50 minutes away by train.
the property provides shared bbq facilities and each apartment has its own private bathroom and laundry area.
aquacolors water park poreč is 6 km from apartment michele, while žatika sport centre is 2.9 km away.
the west coast national park and swartland wine farms are a 25-minute drive away, while cape town is around 1 hour 25 minutes by car.
your continental breakfast supplies include yarra valley organic coffee, muesli, fruit, yoghurt, cereal and bread.
a 27-hole pga championship golf course is located at the inn at silver lakes.
the villa is a 10-minute walk from the famous old market and pub street.
offering a spa centre and hot spring bath, sekku villa is situated in beruwala in the kalutara district region, 2.6 km from bentota river airport.
each one features a private bathroom, an lcd tv and a small refrigerator.
guests have discounts at restaurants and pizzerias nearby.
featuring a pool with sun terrace, villa seascape is in peyia town. it offers a fully equipped unit with a furnished balcony with mediterranean sea views.
the bathrooms are private and come with bath or shower and hairdryer.
botanique metro station is 400 metres from the hotel.
guests have use of a fully equipped kitchen that comes with a stove, a refrigerator, a microwave and a dining area. further facilities in the apartment include a washing machine, an iron and free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 24 km from ludwig apartments on korolyova prospekt.
the restaurant serves hardy meals by the fireplace or on the terrace.
the penzion jurika’s restaurant features a fireplace and is decorated in rustic-style.
there is also a fridge.
located 2 km from aqualandia, roru offers pet-friendly accommodation in lido di jesolo. the air-conditioned unit is 1 km from pista azzurra - karting.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave. every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
you can shop for groceries in the immediate vicinity of all the apartments.
the surrounding area is ideal for hiking and you can visit nearby medieval churches and castles.
children can use a playground.
bbq facilities are available.
the living room has a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
apartments have a kitchen with a stove, a dishwasher and an oven.
guests receive their own key, so you can come and go as you please.
leonidion village is 32 km from the property.
the modern bathroom is equipped with a washing machine and hairdryer.
the beausite's modern rooms have a flat-screen tv and an en-suite bathroom.
the jostedal glacier is a 30-minute drive away.
the unit is 4 km from paseo maritimo.
all meals are served buffet style.
panchratna restaurant serves a fine selection of indian dishes and citrine is the in-house coffee shop.
select rooms offer river views and a spa bath.
breakfast includes cappuccino, croissants, cheese and ham.
it features free wi-fi.
the sinaia monastery is set 2.5 km away and the peles castle can be found with 4 km from the property.
el valle de arantxa is set 4 km from nerja.
shops and restaurants can be reached within a short walk, while the famous waterfalls are at 1 km.
at flat bsb comfort claras you will find a garden and barbecue facilities. other facilities like a games room are offered.
one of the bedrooms boasts a fireplace and another has a spa bath and a private balcony.
hotel pirsch offers a garden with a terrace and guests are welcome to enjoy an evening drink in the bar.
la cote des monts damnés is surrounded by wonderful countryside.
facilities include an open air restaurant, 3 swimming pools, lounge and game room.
at clarion collection grand olav, guests can enjoy free afternoon waffles and all-day tea, coffee and organic fruit.
benicàssim train station is 8 minutes’ drive from apartamentos benicasim 3000.
just 100 metres from sportivnaya metro station, this mini hotel in the centre of saint petersburg is a 2-minute walk from yubileyney sports palace.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player is featured.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
featuring free wi-fi, it offers a gym, sauna and a hot tub.
this family-run hotel offers a garden with playground, and is just 300 metres from a large shopping centre with supermarket and multi-screen cinema.
it features rooms with a balcony overlooking the dolomites, a restaurant, a terrace, and a minigolf course.
all of them have fully-equipped kitchens and dining areas.
the alpe di suisi ski area is 6 km away.
only a 2-minute walk from its free beach, hotel myriam is in lignano sabbiadoro town centre, next to the shopping area.
the national military museum is a 10-minute walk from hotel andy. the romanian national opera house is a 6-minute drive.
they offer a dining table and a kitchenette including a coffee machine, a microwave and a refrigerator.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
a ski bus and a local bus stop 800 metres away in the centre of westendorf.
offering panoramic views of lake maggiore from its patio, van gogh vincent is located in stresa, 1 km from the lake shores.
apartment miuda is self-catering accommodation in a central yet quiet area.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv. some units feature a seating area where you can relax.
sheremetyevo international airport is 22 km from the property.
a ski school is right next door.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
free private parking is possible on site.
other facilities offered include a tour desk. the property offers free parking.
the guesthouse has a massage service, car rental and laundry services.
hotel renato is a 15-minute walk from sesto san giovanni train station.
emerald park motel is situated directly across the central highlands visitor information centre and within 5 minutes' walk from the emerald showgrounds and restaurants, cafes, and fast food stores.
located 1.3 km from botanical garden of academy of sciences, apartment botanicheskaya 37а offers pet-friendly accommodation in moscow. the unit is 8 km from olympic stadium.
guests can have their breakfast served at their own studio or apartment, or at the communal terrace.
guests can relax on the spacious, sunny terrace or in the sauna.
this apartment comes with a washing machine, flat-screen tv, computer, and sofa.
breakfast is served daily at the property and dinner can be enjoyed at the on-site à-la-carte restaurant, serving regional austrian cuisine.
located in costa adeje, island village offers a shared outdoor pool, tennis court, spa and wellness centre.
apartamento copacabana paula freitas is a self-catering accommodation located just 250 metres from the famous copacabana beach.
air-conditioned, it offers additional bathrooms.
freiburg im breisgau is 56 km from gasthaus pension zum löwen, while titisee-neustadt is 13 km from the property.
towels are offered.
take a cycle tour or a boat trip along the nearby river moselle.
every room comes complete with a flat-screen tv, a refrigerator and a private bathroom.
located a 2-minute walk from the black sea coast in vitino, dom vitino offers a garden, free parking and free wifi.
downtown is 169 km away.
guests can enjoy their meals indoors or outdoors on the terrace.
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport, 19 km from apartments on prospekt mira 84.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the popular lake titisee is 35 km away, and free private parking is available on site.
each bedroom features an en suite bathroom with a spa bath and shower facilities.
the property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
cross-country ski tracks begin outside the front door in the winter, and the brandnerhof offers storage space for ski equipment.
you will find valet parking at the property.
tayny okeana aquarium is 1.2 km from apartment larisa.
complete with a dishwasher, the dining area also has a microwave and an oven.
guests can play table tennis and enjoy water sports facilities at the hotel.
a cable tv is provided in each room at the best western plus monahans inn and suites.
it features rooms with air conditioning.
guests at the schlosshotel kronberg enjoy a free shuttle service and free entry to the königstein spa, including the fitnesspark steinbach.
the all-day dining restaurant serves a variety of cambodian and some western dishes.
free wifi throughout and free private, on-site parking are also provided.
dooleys motel is a 10-minute drive from home of the virgin rock and a 45-minute drive from emerald.
sneek and leeuwarden can be reached within 25 minutes by car, while franeker is a 12-minute car drive.
guests can sample regional cuisine in the rustic-style restaurant.
the nearest airport is chania international airport, 6 km from myrtia beach house.
guests can also go to the forum des eaux bernard hinault for spa treatments and the fitness centre.
hotel santa cruz is located in cartagena de indias’s historic city center.
nazareth is 38 km from rodef shalom, while hamat gader is 12 km from the property.
bicycle rentals are available at reception. you can also book a variety of beauty treatments, facials and massages.
apartment argishti offers self-catering accommodation in yerevan, a short walk from the city hall.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
travel information is available at the tour desk.
the rooms feature air conditioning, a working area, and tea/coffee maker.
other facilities at apartment on dlinnaya 50 include a terrace.
champs de mars park leading to the eiffel tower is 1.5 km from this hotel and montparnasse train station is 2 km away.
at malowniczy domek you will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and a garden.
all rooms are spacious and comfortable. they are equipped with a tv, kettle and minibar. each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided.
free private parking spaces and safe-deposit boxes are provided.
other facilities offered by the property include ski storage and free shuttle.
the hotel is 6.8 km from saint-gaudens train station and 8 km from exit 17 of the a64 motorway.
the hostel features massage services and a tour desk which helps guests organise excursions to popular attractions.
offering a sun terrace and views of the garden, fare d'hôtes tutehau is situated in the farii piti neighborhood. it is 15 minutes' walk from the heart of papeete.
free wifi access is available.
the bus to rimini train station is 20 metres away.
the living room includes a flat-screen tv and a fireplace, and guests can enjoy a garden view.
located just off i-77 and less than 5 miles from downtown rock hill, this country inn & suites features a seasonal outdoor pool. free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
it provides a basketball court, 24-hour front desk and free wifi.
it is a 45-minute drive from ubud area.
hakuba train station is a 10-minute drive as well, and the hakuba onsen hot springs can be enjoyed a 40-minute drive away.
a tv and hairdryer are provided.
dimora di antino is located in tivoli and provides self-catering accommodation.
units also come with a large balcony and en suite laundry facilities.
the anne frank house is a 10-minute walk.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
offering a studio with a balcony overlooking the impressive swiss alpine landscape, barga wohnung d4 is located in davos, a 9-minute drive from the schatzalp funicular, a 4-minute drive from vaillant arena, and 600 metres from davos congress centre,
a washing machine, oven and microwave are included in the kitchen.
aswan international airport is 58 km away, and the hotel offers free private parking on site.
guests can rent a bicycle to explore the beautiful surroundings at leisure.
london bridge railway station is a 10-minute walk from the property, and from here there are direct trains to gatwick airport.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
located in the centre of tarbes, halfway between bordeaux and toulouse, this design hotel features a contemporary décor combining glass, stainless steel and wood.
located 2.3 km from jomtien beach, angel pool villa (5 bedroom) offers both outdoor and indoor pools.
the apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine.
each includes a private bathroom, safe and minibar.
orenburg tsentralny airport is 23 km away.
wi-fi internet access is available for an additional fee.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher and microwave.
zeko rozat guesthouse is 8 km from dubrovnik city centre and 10 km from banje beach. arborteum trsteno is 12 km away.
some rooms have a panoramic view on the surrounding city scenery.
each room here will provide you with a tv, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and free toiletries.
set in vilnius, this apartment features free wifi.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, guesthouse niaghvari is situated in tbilisi city, 500 metres from rustaveli theatre.
bluegrass extended stay rooms include a kitchenette, which is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
hotel renesans is located 1km from the city zoo, and 1.2 km from zamość train station.
in warmer weather enjoy dinner on the terrace, with views over the marina.
a ski storage room and a ski boot dryer are available.
set in baška voda, this air-conditioned apartment is 600 metres from baška voda promenade.
centrally located, the property is just 850 metres from the opera and ballet theatre of novosibirsk, and 2 km from the state public scientific and technical library of russia.
the hotel’s restaurant serves greek and mediterranean dishes made with fresh products.
the property offers free parking and is 1.5 km from the bus station.
bolzano is 30 km from schoenau, while ortisei is 4.3 km.
this hotel features a leisure area with a rooftop pool, sauna, squash court and gym.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
a free newspaper is delivered to guest rooms every day.
all the spacious tents and lodges at the fig tree camp have private bathrooms.
located in the countryside, 4 km from varano de melegari, podere pradarolo is a 15th-century villa with period interiors.
added conveniences include luggage storage, daily breakfast and laundry service.
vogelstein is a sstudio located in grindelwald. the property is 3.0 km from first and 1.4 km from ski lift grindelwald grund - männlichen.
the large, air-conditioned rooms have a balcony, satellite tv and minibar.
a daily buffet breakfast is served at cafe maris, while buffet lunch and dinner are available at paradise. other dining options include negawa japanese restaurant and hankook kwan korean restaurant.
the bar is open 24-hours for drinks and snacks.
the surrounding area offers a variety of national portuguese and international cafés, restaurants and bars.
the rooms come with minibars, safety deposit boxes and refrigerators.
a seaside walking path and tropical landscaped gardens are provided at the eco-friendly outrigger napili shores.
the house will provide you with a tv, a patio and a terrace.
the on-site sanctus restaurant offers fine dining options with a unique food fusion inspired by local cuisine and international classics.
the apartments are 3.7 km from the panometer leipzig and 5.6 km from leipzig trade fair.
set in santa maria la palma and 10 km from the conte harbour, serraona offers a garden and self-catering accommodation with air conditioning.
it offers free wi-fi, a garden with a terrace and a swimming pool.
you can play tennis at the property, and free use of bicycles is available.
it is situated 10 km from gaillac and its train station.
there is a bathroom, and a hairdryer is available to rent.
the air-conditioned unit is 1.1 km from petruzzelli theatre.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher. a toaster and coffee machine are also available.
just 300 metres from acqua park bathing facility, this hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi and free parking.
all studios have a terrace or balcony overlooking the sea or velebit mountain.
laundry services are offered on site.
hotel's multilingual front desk, located in the main building, is attended 24 hours a day.
guests have access to coin-operated laundry facilities.
for late night snacks, a small buffet of hot and cold snacks, fruits and cold sandwiches are served.
debrecen airport is 22 km away and hortobágy national park is 15 km from the property.
fresh flowers, 2 free bottles of water and snacks are provided daily in rooms.
some rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
situated in central ørsta, this summer hostel offers rooms with free wi-fi access and a work desk.
a 15-minute train ride from kansai international airport, hotel sunrise inn offers rooms with free wired internet and a full private bathroom.
situated in split old town, in the very centre, apartments miranda features modern, air-conditioned apartments in a restored stone house.
the private rooms each offer ironing facilities and tea/coffee making supplies. all include a private bathroom with free toiletries.
they feature free wifi and outdoor pools.
this house is within 1,8 km from the charming historical centre of paraty and praia da ponta beach.
the apartment will provide you with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
additional on-site facilities include a gym, tennis court and business center.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the spacious living area features a sofa, flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and also a dining table.
split airport is located 29 km away.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
a sauna, roman steam bath, whirlpool, solarium, and rental bikes are also available.
guests can enjoy an à la carte menu at the restaurant, or a quick meal at the snack bar.
the hotel's 211 guest rooms are spacious and beautifully furnished. each room combines bright colourings and furnishings with state-of-the-art technology, such as a flat screen tv and dvd player.
popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing.
free wifi is provided.
palmetto offers free wi-fi access and meeting facilities for its guests.
located on the corner of eyre square in galway city, the multi award-winning kinlay hostel is 1 minutes' walk from both the coach and train stations.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
situated only a short walk from the beach, the sun is located in ko phayam.
the property offers free parking for added convenience.
guests will be able to find various typical mexican restaurants offering regional cuisine within the historic centre.
you can play billiards at the property, and car hire is available.
family family apartment chain offers homely guestrooms with free in-room wifi. for guests who drive, free parking service is provided.
it offers free wi-fi access throughout and an outdoor pool.
free wi-fi, free pay tv and free parking are offered at this 3-star hotel on the outskirts of wiesbaden.
tapas and roasted meat dishes are offered.
kievskiy train station is 7 metro stops away.
the hotel also has a restaurant that is open for lunch and dinner.
the centre of breguzzo is 10 km from the property.
situated in kotor, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen.
all rooms at the ibis styles speyer feature classic design with soundproofed windows and high-quality beds.
some rooms are set on 2 levels.
the nearest beaches are 2 km from the property and a public parking is 600 metres away.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
air-conditioned rooms include free wi-fi and a kitchenette.
joaquina beach is 5 km away.
the apartment has views of the sea and comes with a living room, a tv and a balcony, as well as a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
free wifi is available in all areas.
bars and restaurant are scattered around the property.
the nearest golf course is a 25-minute drive away.
at hotel oasis, you will find a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
featuring a private balcony, air-conditioned rooms are fitted with classic wood furnishings and floral prints.
ferries take guests from the guest house to the picturesque vaxholm town centre in 5 minutes.
located in jastrzębia góra on the beachfront, willa onyks offers a self-catering apartment with a terrace.
towels and bed linen are provided.
all apartments have a kitchen and the option of freshly baked bread rolls.
guests of this silver spring, md hotel can enjoy many fine features and amenities like, free coffee, free wireless high-speed internet access and free local calls.
cardiff's st davids 2 shopping centre is a 5-minute walk away.
guests can also enjoy a drink at the pool bar or its lounge area.
this family-run hotel is located in barsinghausen, surrounded by weserbergland countryside.
the traditional lodging offers self-catering accommodation with tv and air conditioning.
the centre of taormina is a 20-minute drive from bivani in naxos.
it provides free private parking.
modern rooms at the meliá villa feature a flat-screen tv with sky channels, minibar and private bathroom.
there is a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and oven.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, hotel jj residency offers pet-friendly accommodation in mumbai. free private parking is available on site.
the apartment is fitted with a tv. you will find a coffee machine.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers, a garden and a terrace.
each room here is air conditioned and will provide you with a flat-screen tv .
menshikov apartments in arkadia provides a range of modern apartments with fully equipped kitchens.
accepting only mainland chinese citizens, hi inn beijing zhongguancun xueyuanqiao is set in the hai dian district in beijing, 3.5 km from beijing national stadium - bird nest.
fort royal is 3.5 km from la croisette cannes, while lérins abbey is 5 km from the property.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
each spacious room here is decorated with mayan crafts, and will provide you with a balcony and a terrace.
the 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms are spread over 3 floors.
riverdale farmhouse is situated among picturesque surroundings of irish west coast, only 7 km from the cliffs of moher.
guests can enjoy excursions to the historical landmarks and sites of the city from the hostel.
free wi-fi is provided in all rooms.
featuring four unique houses and a large shared courtyard, the roberts collection is located in nantucket.
the property offers free pick-up services from kurokawa onsen bus stop when reserved at time of booking.
hiking and bike routes can be found right next to the house.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with towels.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
award-winning zest restaurant features an open kitchen serving international cuisine.
nearby the property there is a restaurant (2,0 km) and a shopping area (3,5 km).
all elegant rooms come with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
a daily breakfast is included.
sabiha gokcen airport is 110 km away.
offering a year-round outdoor pool and hot tub, idyll suites - adults only is located in playa del cura in the gran canaria region.
the guesthouse is just a few metres from the terminal for ferries from barcelona, mallorca and valencia.
guests can enjoy the restaurant, terrace and free wi-fi throughout.
the front desk is staffed 24/7.
you can request for picnic supplies, which includes blankets, glasses and utensils.
the bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the mangalore airport is 138 km away.
bright and modern, air-conditioned rooms come with large windows, a flat-screen cable tv and tea/coffee maker.
other facilities offered include a games room, a tour desk and luggage storage.
the property is 3.9 km from central bank of brazil and 4.5 km from mane garrincha stadium.
guests can hike through the surrounding parks, which feature paths leading to nahuel huapi lake.
located along the famous tanjung bungah beach, copthorne orchid hotel penang houses a spa, an outdoor pool and a 24-hour restaurant. facing the sea, it offers spacious rooms with a private balcony.
kiev train station is 3.8 km away, and boryspil international airport is 34 km from seventh heaven mini hotel on shchorsa.
kecskemét is a 30-minute drive away.
free public parking is possible on site.
bathroom facilities are shared.
courchevel 1550 ski school is 2 km from chalet l'etagne, while courchevel 1850 ski school is 2.1 km from the property.
it offers bright rooms with en-suite facilities, 1.5 acres of gardens and a heated indoor swimming pool.
a number of outdoor activities can be enjoyed within 5 km, such as hiking, fishing, horse riding, and skiing.
other facilities like grocery deliveries are offered.
the local ski lift and ski rental shop is just a 2-minute drive away.
at uyuni on the hill, guests may rent a car to explore the area and visit nearby attractions.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and terrace, edem-olimp guest house is located in adler in the krasnodar krai region, 10 km from sochi discovery world aquarium.
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet of cold cut and jam, but also local dairy produce and egg dishes.
at the restaurant, traditional swiss cuisine and regional specialities are served.
the rooms are fitted with a tv.
bike rental service and local excursions are offered for guests to explore the area.
this holiday home is 12 km from aarhus airport.
castello sul lago tre is an apartment located in menaggio, 1.3 km from villa carlotta.
each elegant suite is individually decorated with vibrant colours and bespoke furniture.
hostal el barrio has spacious rooms with tasteful décor with shared or private bathrooms.
a rich buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the loccumer hof’s elegant restaurant.
restaurants are located 50 metres away.
the wealth of free sports facilities offered includes table tennis, beach volley, water polo, and windsurfing.
a fully equipped kitchen, tv and dvd player are featured in each unit at reef point cottages.
set in dubrovnik, 1.4 km from dubrovnik old town - pile gate, room lady o features free wifi access and private parking.
offering accommodation with air conditioning, apartment na zagorodnoy is set in sochi, 4.4 km from rivyera park. green theatre is 5 km from the property.
free wifi is available in this property.
each room features an en-suite bathroom with a shower as well as complimentary tea/coffee making facilities.
the original moorish architecture style, a touch of english antique furniture and modern amenities are perfectly matched. the riad features a large traditional patio, a terrace, a hammam as well as a restaurant and a moroccan lounge.
samano is a 25-minute drive from villa rimo country house, while ascoli piceno is 57 km away. macerata is a 45-minute drive from the property.
there are comfortable rooms with cable tv and apartments with kitchen facilities.
all rooms boast 18th century furniture, parquet floors and warm decor.
lake havasu city airport is 12 km from jamaican palms by destination havasu.
the spacious, soundproofed rooms feature carpeted floors and large windows.
it features an outdoor swimming pool, accommodation with a balcony offering sea views.
a common laundry room is at guests’ disposal.
antica locanda offers a free breakfast buffet in a bright dining hall.
set in a historic building from the 17th century, edoné offers country-style accommodation on a working farm producing olive oil, jams and vegetables. the property is located a 5-minute drive from graniti.
ferienwohnungen doris is located in flattach in the möll valley, 2 km from the centre and 8 km from the mölltal glacier ski area.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
a daily breakfast buffet is available to guests of ringhotel gutshof sparow.
there is a supermarket right across the hotel.
los angeles memorial coliseum 5.6 km away.
the hotel maintains its own bodega from which guests can taste a number of different wines.
there is a private bathroom with a bidet and shower.
according to the geo magazine the sant georg garni hotel in marianske lazne belongs to best hotels in the czech republic.
some rooms also include a balcony overlooking the street.
all self-catering, the apartments come with a flat-screen tv and either a fully equipped kitchenette or kitchen.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing and cycling.
you can benefit from free wi-fi throughout the property, a terrace with free barbecue facilities as well as a daily breakfast buffet.
this bright and pleasant hotel is set between the l’alguer and del camping beaches in charming l' ametlla de mar.
laundry and ironing facilities are available on site.
econo lodge inn & suites offers guest rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv. it has a heated outdoor pool and hot tub and is 5 miles from the children's museum of stockton.
valencia airport is 125 km from the property.
san antonio port, with ferry services to barcelona, valencia and denia, is 10 km away.
the apartments also have a fully equipped kitchen.
the apartment is on the 2nd floor and is not served by a lift.
all air-conditioned rooms at protea hotel have a well-lit work desk and a tv with multilingual channels.
each room features views o the vineyards and a private bathroom with a toilet.
the a113 motorway can be reached in less than 5 minutes by car.
the rooms in this family-run hotel have a view of the mountains and come with a balcony.
the restaurant at foldens hotel serves typically danish dishes and offers a discount for guests.
the hotel is just 600 metres to hue citadel and about 1 km to hue train station.
piazza venezia is 700 metres from colosseo apartment - book we do, while domus aurea is 700 metres from the property.
ecuador park is only 100 metres away and carriel sur is 2 km away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
offering an outdoor pool and free wi-fi, poggio dei michelazzi is surrounded by the tuscan countryside. this property features a garden with bbq facilities and produces its own vegetables, olive oil and wine.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
furnished with dark wooden fittings, the air-conditioned units at layali al tahlia apartments include a private bathroom and a living room with a flat-screen satellite tv.
the property is 2.2 km from national exhibition centre belexpo and 3.1 km from pishchalausky castle.
le jardin des sitelles is located in redon in the brittany region, just 1.4 km from redon abbey.
it features a jazz club and free wi-fi throughout.
located less than 1 mile off interstate 75, this ohio hotel boasts an outdoor swimming pool and a hot tub.
garcia sanabria park is 100 metres away, and plaza de españa is a 5-minute walk.
it offers gym, sauna and outdoor pool with sun terrace.
located 300 metres from del sol shopping centre and 500 metres from jose joaquin de olmedo airport, hostal perla real inn features a pool, a restaurant and free wi-fi in guayaquil.
a fabulous ground floor self-catering apartment (sleeping up to two) located in a purpose built block of short-term holiday-let apartments which offers stunning views over bournemouth.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, a massage parlour and a spa and wellness centre, samsara resort and camp is located in jodhpur.
located in the heart of chamonix, this self-catering apartment features a balcony and private ski storage.
in winter, guests receive discounts on ski lessons, on public indoor pools, the entrance to the ice caves at the stubai glacier and much more.
the restaurant at miralago hotel overlooks lake como and serves international cuisine and specialities from the lombardy region.
brightly decorated guest rooms at the valley inn come equipped with cable tv, air conditioning, and ironing facilities.
located in saint-nicolas, la maison jacadi by la cour des grands provides a self-catering holiday home.
the smart rooms are colourful and simply furnished.
emmahouse offers accommodation in lido di ostia, 5 minutes' walk from the seafront, where restaurants, ice cream parlours and beach clubs are. the property boasts views of the garden and free wifi.
occupying a romantic, historical building with a tranquil, mountain location, proharmonia wellness residence welcomes you to lądek zdrój, one of the oldest health resorts in europe.
they also include a safety deposit box and a minibar.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
each room in this hotel features a flat-screen cable tv and air-conditioning, and a bathroom with shower, toilet and a hairdryer.
anacapri is 2 km from the holiday home.
the refuge bairro alto apartment is 700 metres from rossio, and 650 metres from chiado.
the kitchens include a pantry area and refrigerator.
it is a 25-minute drive from nanwan monkey island and a 35-minute drive from yanoda rain forest. it takes 15 to 40 minutes by car to the golf clubs nearby.
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a flat-screen tv.
the restaurant is open in winter and serves tyrolean cuisine and vegetarian dishes, while the bar provides coffee, drinks and snacks.
a flat-screen tv with cable is featured in each spacious room at holiday inn express & suites bozeman west. a fridge, microwave and tea and coffee-making facilities are provided for added convenience.
some units have a fridge.
fax and photocopying services are available.
this hostel offers private double bedrooms and beds in dormitories.
a shopping centre is 3 km from dohány udvar.
coney island is 15 km from just stay guesthouse, while brooklyn navy yard is 3.2 km from the property.
cagliari elmas airport is 7 km from the property.
the surrounding area is ideal for gentle outdoor pursuits, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
all of the non-smoking rooms at the motel one leipzig feature a mobile desk, and wi-fi.
this property is 1.2 km from playa del carmen main square and 3 km from plaza las américas.
it offers country-style accommodation on a farm specialising in organic produce.
rooms come with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
there is a children’s playground located 50 metres from the complex. rvhotels apartamentos la pineda is next to a small wood which leads to the beach.
bavaria film studios and the historic city of munich can be reached within 45 minutes by car.
located in ebensee, 500 metres from lake traunsee, schlafmeile traunsee is 700 metres from the feuerkogel ski area and offers free wi-fi is provided in the entire building and free public parking is possible on site.
situated in aliwal north, just 200 metres from the orange river, queens terrace features a tranquil back garden and bbq facilities.
facilities at the hotel include cafe, bar, restaurant, billiards, games room and an internet area.
kalemegdan fortress with the city zoo is 2.5 km from slavija apartments.
it also includes a washing machine, and 2 bathrooms with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
and those wishing to keep fit can visit the hotel’s fully-equipped fitness room.
guests can enjoy varied, regional food in the traditional-style restaurant for dinner.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive from jungceylon shopping centre and a 20-minute drive from karon beach.
taoyuan international airport is a 45-minute drive away.
at cabañas alma de la sierra guests will find a sun terrace.
guests are welcome to prepare meals in the modern, well-equipped kitchen, which includes a coffee machine, dishwasher and dining area.
the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
the comfortably furnished accommodation includes a bedroom, a living area as well as a fully equipped kitchen.
trevelyan court is located in windsor. free wifi access is available.
the room features parquet flooring, a desk and bookshelves.
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport, 51 km from la mitrana.
guests can enjoy a fitness centre at park city lespri unit 204.
you will find a kettle in the room.
the elegantly decorated rooms of villa orsula offer sea, garden or panoramic views of dubrovnik’s old town.
free private parking is available at the hotel.
other facilities include a children’s playroom, tennis table and darts.
garden resort kapong is 45 km from kao lak and 50 km from phu-tajor.
a sauna and massages are available on request.
house elka features free wifi .
located within walking distance from kaslik's nightlife and restaurants, portemilio hotel & resort has an on-site piano bar.
free parking is provided.
the property offers free parking.
some rooms have a private toilet and a games room.
nemo, a science museum for children, is a 2-minute walk from hotelboat fiep.
the hotel is 5 km from nashik railway station, 20 km from trimbakeshwar and 250 km from pune airport.
burgas airport is located 24.5 km away.
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
getting around is easy with vehicle rentals, airport transfer and shuttle service at additional charges.
at casa amable you will find barbecue facilities and free parking.
front desk staff is can assist with bicycle rental, luggage storage and airport shuttle service.
located in central pihtipudas, between lake alva and lake kolima, this hotel offers finnish and international cuisine, free sauna access and free private parking.
the complex features panoramic views of the coast.
the property is a member of porta aberta project.
shanghai dongjiadu ferry station is 23 km from jinjiang inn shanghai pudong jichangzhen, while shanghai world financial centre swfc is 23 km away.
the belgian painters brueghel and magritte are the inspiration for the bedroom décor at homiris apartments.
restaurant pöllöwaari is a member of the chaîne des rôtisseurs international gastronomic society and serves seasonal dishes based on fresh ingredients.
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
the property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
the air-conditioned rooms offer wooden furniture and hardwood floors.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom with a bath and bidet, with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
it has 2 bathrooms and a washing machine is available.
it has attractive rooms with free wifi and cable tv.
located in bangkok, two bedroom riverside apartment boasts a fully-decorated luxurious apartment with free wifi access in all areas and free private parking.
free private parking is possible nearby.
a restaurant can be found 300 metres away and a supermarket is 2 km from the property.
brest central train station is 2.5 km from the property.
the property is nearby the palenque archaeological zone.
porto nobre offers free on-site parking.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
facilities include an outdoor pool.
german fountain is 500 metres away and st mary's cathedral is 1.3 km away from the property.
chateau de christin is 25 km from montpellier and is situated between camargue and cévennes 39 km from each.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
simple, but well-presented rooms at protea hotel walvis bay are air conditioned and all come with a kitchenette and satellite tv channels.
an extensive buffet breakfast is served every morning in the common dining room.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, hiking and fishing.
other facilities at crestview 056 include a sauna.
it is 40 minutes’ drive from the beaches and islands of the capricorn coast.
ticketing services are available at the tour desk.
cottage house helena is surrounded by a green garden.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
complejo las hoyas is 8 km from villa carlos paz bus terminal and 40 km from cordoba.
the charge is eur 5 per person.
the island is a 1-hour longtail boat ride from kuraburi pier in phan nga province or a 2.5-hr drive from phuket international airport.
the house opens onto a garden and is surrounded by the county mayo countryside.
all guests can enjoy free entry to the nearby palau güell.
there is free wi-fi in the lobby and 24-hour front desk assistance is available.
some of the rooms can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children (under 16 years).
studio99 hotel and serviced apartments is a 7-minute walk to wat phra sing.
this family-run hotel is set in beautiful thuringian countryside, 2 km from triptis and a 12-minute walk from triptis train station.
the private bathrooms include luxurious slippers.
traditional breakfast options are available at gibtel lodge’s cafe, with lunch and evening meals also provided.
guests can enjoy free tea, coffee and a city view.
rooms at the du lac come with modern wooden furniture or early 19th-century furnishings, and include a private bathroom with a shower.
you can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
odos oneiron is strategically situated between the municipal market and the historic church of agios nikolaos, built in 1320.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
the contemporary living room includes a sofa and flat-screen cable tv and dvd player.
towels are available.
the hotel is accessible from many uk motorways, including the m1, m62 and a1.
the hotel’s well-stocked bar serves a variety of drinks.
located in san francisco, amsi telegraph two-bedroom cottage offers a fitness centre and hot tub. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
all rooms have work desks, coffee makers and a tv.
the nearest airport is samui airport, 2 km from the property.
situated only 100 metres from the podhajska thermal spa and wellness resort, beruska apartman offers a self-catered accommodation, a terrace, free wifi in all areas and free private parking possible on site.
sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
the bus stopping in front of the hotel provides links to brunico.
grand hotel du midi is well-connected by bus to the town centre and the polydome congress centre, 1.5 km away.
the complex is wheelchair/pushchair friendly.
simply decorated with tiled and wooden flooring, vista rio melaka has a living area with sofa and flat-screen tv.
the hotel offers bicycle rental and a packed lunch service.
free wifi is available in common areas.
pula airport is located 52 km away.
it is 30 minutes' drive from kuan zhai alley and jinli. shuangliu international airport is a 40-minute car journey away.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international, 13 km from barvikha hills luxury, and the property offers a free airport shuttle service.
the nearest airport is chiang mai international airport, 85 km from the property.
shops are a 5-minute walk from apartment gvardeyskoy.
atlantic beach has a 24-hour front desk and offers dry cleaning and laundry services as well.
the hostel is 3 km from the historic centre, 3.2 km from parque el ejido and 35 km from mariscal sucre international airport.
the nearest sauna is a 4-minute drive away.
some include a kitchenette.
a continental breakfast is available each morning if requested 1 day in advance.
each of the elegantly decorated rooms at the pullman toulouse centre is air-conditioned and has free wifi access and a tv with 70 channels.
yekaterinburg train station is within a 10-minute drive and koltsovo international airport is 19 km away.
furnas is 18 km from apartamentos da galé.
a bus stops 100 metres away for sarzana train station, 5 km away.
located on the ground floor, each heated room includes a kitchen or a kitchenette with a microwave, a refrigerator, a toaster and an electric kettle. there is also satellite tv, a dining area and a private bathroom.
hotel vysokii bereg park offers the perfect location for a romantic getaway in lovely, luxurious but classic surroundings.
guests can use the communal kitchen, the tv room open from 08:00 to 23:00, and computers with internet.
surrounded by beautiful gardens, dasada, the flower es'senses resort offers stylish accommodation with private balconies overlooking the gardens and free wi-fi access. it boasts an outdoor pool and on-site dining options.
parikia, the picturesque main town and port of paros, is at 10 km.
split central guesthouse is located in the centre of split, only a 2-minute walk from the unesco-listed diocletian’s palace.
the staff of the vieja cuba hotel can help plan visits to quito’s most famous sights, including the well preserved unesco world heritage city centre.
you can park your car for free on site.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
the mocanita-vaserului valley is within 12 km.
free wired or wireless internet is available.
pokoje gościnne częstochowa is located in częstochowa.
there is a shared lounge and gift shop at the property.
cordelia hotel is situated in tbilisi, a 3-minute walk away from saint trinity church.
kiskunfélegyháza city, where a wide choice of dining and grocery shopping options are available, can be reached within a 20-minute drive.
the nearest airport is catania fontanarossa airport, 6 km from the property.
free cosmetics and a hairdryer are available in the bathroom.
shouxiangyuan restaurant serves the popular hunan cuisine and cantonese dishes.
the 3-star hotel am segelhafen offers modern, friendly en suite rooms with free wireless internet access.
penzion gabriel is located in the town vysoké tatry, at the feet of the high tatras.
serenely set within the liwa desert, this secluded retreat with stylish desert castle décor offers a breathtaking panorama.
the breakfast buffet includes fruit from the farm and homemade jam.
an optional daily breakfast buffet is also available for an additional charge.
international cuisine and seasonal dishes are served, and you can also make free use of the barbecue facilities in the garden.
the air-conditioned rooms enjoy mountain and great wall views from large windows.
located off interstate 55, this motel is 2 minutes’ walk from joliet mall and 45 minutes’ drive southwest of chicago.
free private parking is provided on site.
each room has air conditioning, a telephone, flat-screen digital tv and a private bathroom. all rooms feature a wireless camera that guests can use for internet calls.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven, a microwave and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine.
the artisan fair is 1.5 km away and capitán de corbeta carlos a. curbelo international airport is 15 km away.
bed linens are also provided.
some feature a courtyard view, sink and tea and coffee making facilities.
free wifi access is available.
guests can relax in the indoor swimming pool and hot tub at the non-smoking virginia beach oceanfront inn.
guests can go walking and cycling in the surroundings, which start next to the hotel.
the accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a seating area.
the hotel aegli has a coffee bar on the ground floor, where buffet breakfast is also served.
a wellness centre with a gym is 200 metres away, while various water sports facilities can be found on the beach.
studios at the cava li santi residence are air conditioned, and each has a flat-screen tv and a kitchenette.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
a shuttle service to hamburg airport is available on request.
the doubletree by hilton costa rica – puntarenas also offers free non-motorized water sports, clubs for kids and teenagers, daily activities and live entertainment every evening.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is offered.
in the afternoon guests can relax for free in the steam bath or book a session at the solarium, while your children play on the garden’s playground.
farkonia hotel is a holiday paradise for all seasons.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including darts, fishing and table tennis.
riviera maya mini-hotel in the center of st. petersburg features free wifi throughout the property.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
jurmala city museum and former e. rācene's swimming centre are 3.6 km from pine tree cottage, while many stores and restaurants are located only 500 metres away.
the daily breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet.
shops and restaurants can be found in marckolsheim, just 5 km away.
the rooms will provide you with a tv.
bbq dinners are also organised regularly.
the apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv, and a seating area.
free private parking is possible on site.
room service is also available.
the spacious rooms are all air-conditioned.
it has wooden cabins with a private bathroom.
the wellness corner has also a relax area where guests can enjoy a different kinds of tisanes, and a massage room offering several types of treatments.
inter-hotel le luy de béarn is located on the edge of pau, in the town of serres castet.
offering outdoor pool, ravnen is located in hasle and can accommodate up to six people.
located in techirghiol, 800 metres from the lake and 3 km from the belona beach at the black sea, casa maria offers an outdoor pool with sun loungers and a terrace with barbecue facilities.
each room at the non-smoking property is air-conditioned and has a private bathroom, a satellite tv and a minibar.
free barbecue facilities are also available.
the hotel’s buffet restaurant specialises in barbecued food and you can relax with a drink on the terrace.
set in a residential area, next to the bus stop with links to pisa centre, gino's house offers classically furnished rooms. guests can make use of free bikes and free wifi.
there is free wi-fi, a safe and a flat-screen tv. the slate-tiled bathroom includes free toiletries.
each also includes an electric kettle and pre-packaged products for breakfast.
rooms boast city or water views and free wi-fi.
guests can take spanish and tango lessons, and wi-fi is free.
aquilon guest house features free wifi throughout the property.
it is 100 metres from the banks of kizilirmak river and offers authentic accommodation with modern amenities.
the famous iron bridge across the river severn is about 2 miles away.
cassis with its scenic, steep-sided coves is only a 20-minute drive away.
guests staying at the atmosphera hotel can have breakfast in the elegant dining room.
sea views and cool breezes accompany seafood specialities at first restaurant.
set within an impressive turreted granite building in the exclusive west end of aberdeen, these fully-serviced luxury suites have been awarded 4 diamonds from the rac.
free wi-fi is provided and the apartment accommodates 6 persons.
there is a seating area and a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is offered.
a number of eateries and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the casa vela charm.
temple mall is 1.3 km away from this hotel. belton lake is within 16.8 km of the property.
comfort hotel alba is close to rouen’s historical attractions such as the gros horloge monument which is a 7-minute walk away and the joan of arc tower, 13 minutes on foot.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
you may store your luggage at the reception.
start the day with breakfast in the garden.
paje beach is 800 metres from surf house paje, while airborne kite & surf village is 900 metres away.
the property is 2 km from capão da canoa city centre and its bus station.
in the centre of porto guests are welcome to visit the iconic clérigos tower and the lello bookstore. by the douro river in the ribeira area, guests may visit the many typical restaurants and bars and enjoy a glass of port wine at the cellars by crossing de d. luis i bridge.
guests can enjoy live performances with the drinks at the pub.
there is an 24-hour front desk at the property where luggage storage and safety deposit box are available.
surrounded by the impressive mountains of the ziller valley, this 4-star superior hotel features a 4,000 m2 wellness area with a heated outdoor pool, a gym, and a natural swimming pond.
area activities include hiking and krossdalur golf course, just 500 metres from the b&b.
guests at the irseer klosterbräu can look forward to comfortable rooms equipped with high-quality wooden furnishings and an en suite bathroom.
they offer a fully-equipped kitchen and free wi-fi.
most units also feature a balcony.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing, cycling and horse riding.
the hotel's restaurant serves local dishes in a friendly setting using fresh ingredients. there is also a bar area where you can enjoy a relaxing drink by the fireplace.
hotel dali is located 7 km from san rafael airport.
pulkovo airport is 11 km away.
the restaurant serves a variety of local dishes and beverages.
the tour desk is ready to assist with tips for getting around the area.
the property provides free wifi and free private parking is available on site.
the bathroom comes with a bath.
the rooms feature either cable or satellite tv, coffee maker and a private bathroom with free toiletries and hairdryer.
a flat-screen tv and air conditioning are provided in some units.
the en suite bathroom is equipped with a hot shower and toiletries.
a buffet breakfast is provided each day at weserschlösschen.
the 24-hour front desk also provides basic business services like fax and photocopying.
rooms are also equipped with a microwave and coffee table. cable tv with hbo is provided.
antonio nariño airport can be reached in a 40-minute drive. the town’s centre can be reached ina short 5-minute walk.
a shared washing machine is available upon request.
children can enjoy swings and a trampoline.
work desks and starbucks coffee service are also included.
the bright and modern apartment offers a balcony, a seating and dining area with tv and a fully equipped kitchen with stove, microwave and a refrigerator.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv. some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
it offers heated rooms with free wi-fi, an lcd satellite tv and a tea maker.
flamengo beach is 15 minutes’ drive from the homestay, and salvador shopping mall is 18 minutes’ drive away.
the private bathroom include a hairdryer.
just 300 metres from siriema waterfall, pousada das hortências is 800 metres from monte verde town centre, it features a pool surrounded by gardens, daily breakfast and a games area.
tbilisi international airport is 13 km from the property.
cervia train station is 5 km away, while cesenatico can be reached by car in 25 minutes.
there is a hairdresser's at the property.
the property features a lovely garden and a barbecue area with outdoor seating.
offering room service, d’penjor cafe & restaurant serves a variety of indonesian, chinese and international cuisines.
amenities include an lcd tv, yukata robes and complimentary green tea.
there is also a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher and oven.
set in a 16th-century renovated prison, porta del tempo offers rooms in the centre of stroncone, a 15-minute drive from terni. the property has free wi-fi throughout.
saint-exupéry airport is only 15 km from the hotel and stade gerland staduim is a 15-minute drive away.
the non-smoking rooms and self-catering apartments of the pension kautz feature bright, contemporary-style décor.
the property offers free parking.
located a 20-minute drive from the centre of oudtshoorn, ou tol - cango retreat offers individual suites set in log cabins next to the riverfront.
the staff may help with arrangements to take a tour to watch the whales when season.
the property is 45 km from lecce and free private parking is offered.
located 500 metres from the mediterranean sea and 800 metres from aqualand, this camping ground has a heated outdoor pool with a furnished terrace.
local restaurants and bars can be found within a 5-minute ride away.
guests can relax in the parlour room, which features a baby grand piano and a fireplace, or admire the scenery from the terrace.
bicycle and car rentals are available at additional charges for guests who wish to explore the surrounding area.
bom fim hostel is located in porto alegre’s bom fim district, near various bars, restaurants, shops and supermarkets, and offers modern, colourful shared accommodation.
the air-conditioned accommodation provides guests with scenic views. each includes a satellite tv, a desk and a minibar.
the villas of yacht classic are decorated in warm colours to create a peaceful setting.
sudak town centre is 8.9 km away, while simferopol airport is 121 km away.
centrally located in düsseldorf, this hotel is set just a 10-minute walk from both the königsallee shopping street and the main train station.
mountain views can be enjoyed from all rooms.
an ipod docking station, a garden view and a minibar are offered in the air-conditioned guest rooms at la vague saint paul. all rooms have a flat-screen tv with cable channels and some have a private terrace.
the on-site restaurant features bulgarian and mediterranean cuisine at à-la-carte service.
a selection of mediterranean-inspired dishes are also served here in the rustic-style restaurant or on the spacious terrace.
thermal and wellness bath is located 4.5 km from the balog apartment.
leticia homestay is situated in the jerusalem city centre district in jerusalem, 900 metres from dome of the rock.
there is also a floral garden and a children’s playground.
gallery lux hotel is situated next to the hattai park, 3 km from the centre of baku.
the apartment has 2 twin and 2 double bedrooms, as well as a bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
the private bathroom features a bath or a shower, a toilet, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
split airport is located 86 km from the property.
offering a spa centre and sauna, guest house anastasia is set in tatariv in the ivano-frankivsk region.
amenities include a flat-screen tv, a refrigerator and yukata robes.
facing lamerica shopping centre, this 4-star hotel is a 15-minute walk to imigrante museum.
bed linen and towels are provided.
a bakery serving breakfast can be found on the ground floor of the apartment building.
the dämeritzseehotel has elegant rooms with dark wood furniture, satellite tv, and a spacious bathroom.
a sweet breakfast is available daily and includes homemade products and cakes, while savoury items are available on request.
overlooking broadbeach, one of the gold coast’s most beautiful beaches, ultra broadbeach apartments are a short stroll away from restaurants, cafes and pubs.
the bars, restaurants and shops of the barnsbury area are within a 5-minute walk from the guesthouse.
the museum of modern art and the archaeological museum are within a 5-minute walk.
covered parking is possible on site and guests can prepare meals on the barbecue.
guests can relax in the hotel’s cozy lounge with a fireplace and bar, or on the garden terrace.
the accommodation features a seating and dining area.
at holiday home klydevej hurup thy denm you will find a terrace.
it is close the city's main business, administrative and trade centres.
at griffith suites you will be surrounded by the historic griffith college campus.
air-conditioned rooms each come with a flat-screen cable tv, personal safe and an electric kettle.
an en-suite bathroom is provided in each room at gentian villa, along with a tv and garden views.
easily accessible from all major routes, bayswater lodge impresses with personalized service.
guests can work up a sweat doing cardio or lifting weights in the fitness centre.
the m4 motorway is a 5-minute drive away and windsor’s historic town centre and racecourse can be reached after a 10-minute drive.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
blackpool tower is 500 metres from summerville guest house, while coral island is 500 metres away.
offering shower facility, the en suite bathroom also comes with slippers, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the meiliya monfort can organise hiking and cycling tours around the nahal kziv nature reserve.
all units comprise a kitchenette with a dining area. each features a bathroom with shower and a hairdryer.
spacious air-conditioned rooms feature contemporary vietnamese decor and flat-screen tvs.
a kitchen with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker is included.
a 24-hour front desk assists guests at maceió hotel porto grande.
authentic sri lankan and western dishes are served at chili café restaurant.
the hostel provides 24-hour front desk service.
the rooms at the carrascal complex have air conditioning, minibar and cable tv.
a year-round breakfast and summertime dinner are both available there as well.
incheon international airport is an 85-minute drive away.
the property is 6 km from marrakech menara airport and 4.2 km from jemaâ el fna square.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the pershing suites offers wi-fi at an additional charge.
there is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit.
the elegant via veneto street with its cafés and boutique shops is reachable in 15 minutes on foot.
the renaccino estate breeds pure-bred race horses and is one of the largest stables in italy.
all rooms come with private bathroom facilities and freshly laundered beddings.
it is found 500 metres from the opulent and domed nuestra señora de belén cathedral.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ski lift links - kalbermatten i (800 metres) and ski lift stafelwald - teller (800 metres).
offering a balcony overlooking the main beaches of marsalforn, this accommodation comes with a kitchenette, washing machine and a flat-screen tv.
the living room has glass windows which are 10 metres wide and offer a view on the adjacent canal.
for those who wish to attend a sporting game, both melbourne cricket ground and etihad stadium are a 10-minute drive away.
it offers en-suite rooms and suites with a tv and free wi-fi access.
fan-cooled rooms boast a private terrace with sea views.
viterbo is a 40-minute drive away.
located in pianello del lario, borgo tre terre offers an outdoor pool.
in addition guests will find restaurants serving traditional algarve cuisine within 500 metres.
the nearest airport is antalya airport, 20 km from the property.
some also have a tv, dishwasher and microwave.
davids features a tv and a power shower and toiletries in the bathrooms.
in summer, bbq facilities are provided.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
you can enjoy sea view from the room.
you can go hiking in the forest or enjoy nature tours.
towels and bed linen are offered at new gudauri gondola apartment.
towels and linen are included.
on-site parking is free for guests.
overlooking the mediterranean sea in el alamein, the 5-star porto marina hotel offers luxury accommodation, a lagoon-style pool and a variety of health and beauty treatments at its wellness centre.
there is a dining area and a kitchen. a tv is provided.
at caymanian cottage you will find a garden.
the hotel has swimming pools for adults and children, as well as an outdoor hot tub.
located in the centre of kamari port, anastasia apartments are just 10 metres from the nearest beach.
guests can enjoy a variety of constantia valley wines at the property.
restaurants and shops can be found a short-drive away.
in the garden there is also a barbecue corner.
supermarkets and restaurants are ideally located a 5-minute drive from the chalet and bourg-saint-maurice train station is 2.5 km away.
breakfast can also be ordered there.
you can enjoy a refreshing drink from the hotel’s bar.
la canonica is 70 metres from the bus stop with service to lucca.
casa rural valdeascas is located in navarredonda de gredos.
all units are air conditioned and feature a cable tv and a seating area.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
each air-conditioned room comes with a flat-screen satellite tv.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
free wifi access is available.
offering a la carte restaurant, norn ranong boutique hotel is located in ban nam sai. located 2 km from ranong airport, the property features a 24-hour front desk, meeting facilities and massage service.
arena shopping centre is at a distance of 500 metres.
bars, shops and restaurants can be found a 3-minute stroll from the property.
tbilisi international airport is 17 km away.
the hotel provides a business centre and free parking.
the hotel bar offers cocktails and fresh beers.
a bus taking you around recoaro terme is available during summer .
the 24-hour reception allows guests flexibility during their stay.
porto international airport is 10 km away.
the beds are suitable for allergy sufferers.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
bathroom facilities are private or shared.
this 3-star, family run hotel is nestled in the splendid eifel countryside in niederzissen, in the heart of the brohtal region, and offers comfortable accommodation at competitive rates.
the air-conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchenette. there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
some rooms also include a fireplace and views of the surrounding mountains and fields.
cycling and hiking is possible around the property.
the living room has a double sofa bed, satellite-tv and air-conditioning. a double bedroom with air-conditioning and another double bedroom.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a seating area.
the apartments come with a kitchenette and dining area, while the private bathroom has free toiletries plus a hairdryer.
some rooms have sea views.
a range of extras can be arranged including massages and wine and candles on arrival.
cádiz is a 30-minute drive away, while jerez airport can be reached in 45 minutes’ drive.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 9 km from the property.
the property boasts a spa centre where guests can enjoy a variety of massages.
private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
breakfast is served in a restaurant that also serves polish dishes.
villeneuve-loubet train station is 3 minutes away, and marineland water park is 2 km away.
b&b pool jacuzzi terrace on 5th av is located just 500 metres from the beach, on playa del carmen’s famous 5th avenue.
a shuttle is available from/to brindisi-salento airport, 89 km from the property.
haus tourneur features bright rooms decorated in fresh pastel tones and chic furnishings.
holiday home t daglonershuisje drieborg is located in drieborg.
the apartment will provide you with a living room which looks out to the fjord. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
fenced local parking is also available.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
hostal luz de luna nuyoo offers accommodation in oaxaca city.
free wi-fi and tv are standard in all colourful rooms at this family-run b&b.
a tv is provided in each air-conditioned guest room at this motel.
with a balcony, the air-conditioned suites have a private bathroom with a shower and bidet. they are equipped with a flat-screen tv, electric kettle and hairdryer.
hostal kala features 2 supermarkets nearby.
at aragon xviii ernen you will find shared barbecue facilities, a fireplace and children's playground.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, golfing and cycling.
with its modern designs and welcoming atmosphere, twenty-seven bites brasserie offers fresh buffet, serving western and eastern cuisine.
a japanese breakfast set is served at the dining room for an extra cost.
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
offering fantastic views of the river guadiana, los molinos is located in sanlúcar de guadiana, on the portuguese border.
breakfast is served buffet style.
set in the florida keys in the city of tavernier, this all-suite property features an on-site restaurant along with in-room fully equipped kitchens and easy access to key largo, 10 minutes' drive away.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a fridge.
ryokan ohashi provides a free shuttle service from jr kurayoshi train station, a 25-minute drive away.
the property features a garden with olive groves and a bbq.
hotel merano is located in the centre of milan, a 15-minute walk from milano centrale train station. it is next to the tram stop with links to the city centre.
each room features a wardrobe and tiled floors, while some have a private bathroom with hairdryer.
there is also a shower with hairdryer and toiletries.
free private parking is available on site.
awaking every morning with a superb view of the sea is what many people dream of.
it offers free wi-fi, buffet breakfast and air-conditioned chalets with a patio.
guests can freely mingle at the spacious common area.
there is also a free shuttle service to valloire centre every 15 minutes.
kayaks, pedal boats and a children's playground offer outdoor recreation options.
in the apartment you will find facilities like a tv, dvd, electric heating and a dishwasher.
at apartment esperienza mare 1 you will find a garden and bbq facilities.
a fresh breakfast buffet is available each morning at weingut magdalenenhof, and the restaurant serves a range of regional specialities from wednesdays - sundays.
additionally, free wi-fi access is provided in the rooms.
coffee, tea and biscuits are always available on site.
staff can arrange guided tours of the chianti area and trips to florence and siena.
public parking is available within walking distance, free of charge.
apartments at la pettina come with a kitchen, tv and washing machine.
the malayala manorama press is 300 metres and napier zoo is 1 km away.
hotel des bains is a one-minute walk from the beach and the attractive shopping promenade next to parco navi, is equipped with all the facilities to ensure a pleasant beach holiday.
it features air-conditioned rooms and a garden with gazebo and barbeque.
kinsale is 49 km from the castle, while kenmare is 48 km from the property.
it is situated in estoril, just a 5-minute walk from the poça beach.
extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
there are barbecue facilities onsite.
the apartments offer a balcony and a seating area.
the metekhi church is a 5-minute walk away.
it offers rooms with direct sea views and free wi-fi access, and has a tavern serving seafood and traditional, local dishes.
there are the main bus stops nearby and taranto train station is 5 minutes' walk away.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and barbecue facilities.
free wifi is provided.
other facilities offered include a tour desk, luggage storage and an ironing service.
ace accommodation b&b is nearby a variety of activities including tramping, horse riding and trout fishing.
the living room has a sofa bed, fireplace and a flat-screen tv with a wii games console and a dvd player.
set in astrakhan, kvartira klass apartments - apartments at akhsharumova 3 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
each room and suite is air conditioned and some have access to the internal patio.
guests can sip complimentary green tea and watch satellite tv-channels.
a buffet breakfast is served daily in the hotel's inviting dining room.
the buses stop 250 metres away, while the train station can be found in split, 25 km away.
you can play table tennis at this inn, and the area is popular for fishing.
each one includes a living room with a dining area and a kitchen complete with a fridge and an oven.
the nearest airport is london heathrow airport, 18 km from the property.
the hotel has a ski school and ski storage space, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar. free private parking is available on site.
they do not feature a tv, but plenty of books instead.
staff at the 24-hour frond desk can help guests with luggage storage.
the rooms include a flat-screen tv. certain units feature a seating area where you can relax. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
a business centre is available for guests’ convenience, while the tour desk can assist with sightseeing and travel arrangements.
the villa is 3 km from the centre of korenica, 15 km from a beach on river korana and 16 km from plitvice lakes national park.
the luxurious villa oasis in jimbaran boasts a private pool, free wi-fi and full kitchen facilities.
the nearest underground station with links into central london, elephant & castle underground station is just 18 minutes’ walk away.
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the garden or city.
rejuvenate at the spa and sauna, and with a massage.
the nearest airport is turin airport, 68 km from the property.
canberra international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
dar yanis is just a 5-minute walk from rabat’s medina and the beach.
a bakery, a shop and public transport are reachable within walking distance.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 17 km away.
a breakfast area is included in the premises of petros italos.
you can find shops and bakeries in alaior, 2 km from finca llimpet. mahon offers sermarkets, restaurants and bars.
capital international airport is about 25 minutes’ drive away.
the apartment features a seating area, private bathroom, cable tv and a fully equipped kitchen. sea views can be enjoyed from here.
in the restaurant guests can enjoy french-inspired gourmet cuisine in a dining room with a modern décor and artifacts inspired by the region.
located in le mont-dore, le sarciron is a self-catering accommodation set in a historically recognised building.
after enjoying the all-you-can-eat breakfast, guests can visit auxonne just a 20-minute drive away.
mitino park is 100 metres away.
free wifi access is available.
all units are fully furnished and equipped with a tv.
guests can also sample traditional ukrainian dishes and european cuisine in the restaurant.
the lively i̇stiklal avenue is a few minutes walk away.
including a private bathroom with a shower, the rooms come with an electric kettle and a desk.
centrally located in salta, hotel boutique balcón de la plaza offers accommodation with free wifi access.
7days inn beijing liujiayao station is located in beijing.
comfort suite rive gauche lyon centre is in the city of lyon, only a 10-minute walk from the perrache railway station and place bellecour.
the resort organises island tours by traditional mini-horse carts for guests’ enjoyment.
just off highway 72, near the tennessee river, this hotel in florence, alabama provides a hot breakfast every morning and guestrooms with convenient microwaves and mini-refrigerators.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the family-run gästehaus bruggerhof in längenfeld in the ötztal valley is a 5-minute walk away from the stop of the ski bus.
piazza dei miracoli is 4 km from affittacamerecisanello, while botanical gardens of pisa is 3.8 km away.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided. featuring a bath, private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
hilton garden inn hershey features an indoor pool and on-site fitness centre.
it offers free parking and 4 dining options.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven.
the rooms feature views of the city and doi suthep mountain.
free wi-fi and parking are provided.
the kitchen area is equipped with an oven, while a washing machine is included in one of the bathrooms.
from here, you can get trains to charles de gaulle airport and most of paris.
shared bathroom facilities with free toiletries are available.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
other facilities offered include grocery deliveries, water sports facilities and a tour desk.
guests can enjoy their stay in the fully equipped rooms in an idyllic setting, or in the garden with free barbecue facilities and children’s playground.
the hochötz ski area is a 10-minute drive away or a 20-minute ride with the ski bus that stops 400 metres away.
palm beach bungalows also includes a hot tub for an extra charge.
all rooms are en suite and include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
skopelos town and port can be reached within 22 km.
free private parking is available on site.
the second-floor apartment has a living room with a flat-screen tv, a kitchenette with kitchenware and a coffee machine, and a private bathroom with a shower.
the shared bathroom includes free toiletries.
there is a football field and badminton.
the tastefully decorated and modern accommodation features a cosy atmosphere and every room includes a kitchenette.
bathrooms are shared or private.
free private parking is possible on site.
alternatively, there is a snack bar where you can grab some bites.
free wifi access is available.
a bus station and a ferry port can be found 1 km away.
it offers free wi-fi, a terrace with sea views and air-conditioned accommodation.
the property offers free parking.
the nearest airport is malaga airport, 13 km from the property.
located in a quiet area, 1.5 km from the centre of kragujevac, guest house merkur offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
staff can help organize a wide range of outdoor activities, including paragliding, canoeing or climbing.
la terrazza restaurant, set on a panoramic terrace, specialises in pizzas and sardinian dishes.
they all feature a fully-equipped kitchen, including a refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave.
baron residenz 2 is an apartment set in garmisch-partenkirchen, 1 km from burgruine werdenfels.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and fishing.
beaches and borj al arab airport is a 10-minute drive away.
monte grappa house is less than 5 minutes’ drive from romano d'ezzelino town centre.
guests can dine at manny’s, a gourmet steakhouse and seafood restaurant, for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
multiple resort swimming pools feature up to 19 cabanas.
a supermarket is 100 metres away and a restaurant is 30 metres from the property.
swimming and fishing is possible at lake tingstäde, 100 metres away.
a full breakfast is served on the garden terrace or in the dining room.
hostal docar is located in the centre of lerma.
breakfast and dinner served as an open buffet.
hotel sevan plaza offers a lobby bar and breakfast buffet.
at the property a vending machine selling snacks and drinks is also available.
this plano hotel is a short walk from legacy town center shopping and dining area.
anuraag villa’s tour desk helps guest organise excursions and safaris in jaipur and rajasthan.
each room has a satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
this suburban hotel is also has a variety of popular restaurants and cocktail lounges located within a one-mile radius.
a daily maid service is provided and parking is free.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving.
upon request, guests will receive american breakfast and dinner services.
free parking spaces are available outside the hotel goldflair am rathaus.
futuroscope is a 1-hour drive away and free parking is available.
you can find a ski school and ski rental in the ski resort.
each room at the pink house is fitted with a balcony and a shared bathroom.
it boasts 360-degree views of the surrounding jungle, plus on-site bbq facilities and free parking.
quietly located in muo just 25 m from a pebbly beach, apartments dončić have free wi-fi, a fully equipped kitchenette, and a balcony offering views of the adriatic sea.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
afitos is 27 km from kostas beach apartments.
it offers air-conditioned rooms and apartments and an elegant restaurant serving international cuisine.
a minibar and a private bathroom with shower are provided in all units at varosha hotel.
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
benidorm is 46 km from doña pilar, while alicante is 9 km away.
this hostel is located directly next to famous vondelpark, just an 8-minute walk from leidseplein.
breakfast is provided each morning, and can even be brought to your room on request.
casa al centro inn b&b is located in the town's centre, walking distance from a bus station, and 15 minutes' drive from leon airport.
at restaurant rooms pino you will find a children's playground, meeting rooms and a large garden.
free private parking is available on site.
a breakfast is provided each morning at beth soureilh.
canoeing, snorkeling, and fishing are also popular here.
located 1.4 km from old town square and 1.5 km from old town hall with orloj astronomical clock, apartment kamenicka offers accommodation in prague. the apartment is 1.9 km from charles bridge.
the on-site restaurant kattegat offers traditional danish food and sea views.
the elegant rooms include free wifi and a flat screen tv with international channels.
the property offers free parking.
tq plaza is 3.5 km from apartment stevan, while top hill club is 5 km away.
wi-fi is free.
the nearest airport is guangzhou baiyun international airport, 17 km from speed up new year community.
apartments at yahsi's yahsi resort feature a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave, refrigerator and an oven.
apartment yamasheva 43 boasts views of the city and is 3 km from soyembika tower.
it is 35 minutes’ drive from zhulyany international airport, and a transfer is available.
pension sonne is located in rickenbach and offers classically designed room in a rustic guest house.
fitted with a terrace and patio, holiday homes at villette allodola will provide you with a tv, a well-equipped kitchenette complete with a dining table and a seating area.
alternatively, guests can visit arima hot springs located an hour's bus ride away.
the apartment is elegant and composed of a separate bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
set in pollensa and surrounded by citrus trees, villa margraner paquita offers an outdoor pool, garden and terrace.
guests can rent bicycles, relax in the sun beds, and play table tennis and darts.
the three-bedroom apartment is equipped with a tv with cable channels, air conditioning, a seating area and a fully-equipped kitchen which includes a microwave and a refrigerator.
this property is 83 km from thessaloniki.
this self-catering apartment is located on a sunny slope in baden-baden.
the nearest airport is shanghai hongqiao international airport, 11 km from the property.
each room features cable tv and a private bathroom.
all rates at the metropol hotel include a welcome drink, room service, shoe shining and free use of the tea and fruit station.
there is a varied selection of cafés, bars and restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the galicia.
full cooked breakfasts are served each morning in the hotel’s restaurant, and children’s menus are available in the evening for dinner.
the apartment is decorated in warm colours and will provide you with a tv with cable channels.
freshly baked bread rolls are available on request.
you can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
breakfast consists of a variety of sweet and savoury options, while the restaurant serves typical regional and mediterranean cuisine.
the air-conditioned country house features a terrace with impressive views of the mountains and the village.
located directly in the euronova business park, it is 5 km from central cologne.
the mediterranean restaurant serves local and traditional cuisine.there is also a barbecue restaurant by the pool and a beach restaurant offering snacks and drinks.
meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guestrooms.
barbecue facilities are available in the garden with children’s playground.
each room has a private entrance, a kitchenette and a view of the garden.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
the rooms offer air conditioning and a satellite tv.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
the teatro dell'opera opera house is 800 metres from the apartment.
there is a restaurant on site where guests can order regional dishes a la carte.
kortrijk is a 24-minute drive.
its comfortable rooms have free wi-fi, cable tv and private bathrooms.
chrudim train station is 2 km away.
in summer, castello di san marco charming hotel & spa has its own private beach.
fort lauderdale is 19 km from ocean front luxury suites sunny isles beach.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
for purpose of sunbathing at the beach there is a terrace covered with flat round stones, a shore with sand and a wooden deck.
baili hotel is within a 2-minute walk of beijiang river.
the full air-conditioned villa features a living room with flat-screen cable tv, dining area and fully-equipped kitchen.
the centre of hannover can be reached in 35 minutes by train and boasts a zoo, the impressive schloss herrenhausen castle and the state opera.
this central youth hostel is 300 metres from cordoba’s mezquita cathedral and puente romano bridge.
the myrtle beach resort hilton also places guests close to many area attractions, including the house of blues.
certain rooms feature views of the mountain or garden.
the bungalows will provide you with a tv and a terrace. each comes with a basic kitchenette featuring a sink, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
wifi is available in public areas and carries a surcharge.
offering free bike rental, a furnished garden with table tennis and table soccer, and a terrace, hotel adriana boasts a quiet location only 150 metres from the beach.
the riad etoile d’essaouira is located in the heart of essaouira’s medina just a few minutes walk from the souks and 200 metres from the beach.
free ironing services and free daily newspapers are offered. housecleaning is provided free of charge.
housed in a restored 1870 building, armonia boutique hotel offers elegant, stone-built rooms with fireplace and hydromassage facilities. it features a bar with lounge area, and it is located in kefalari, within walking distance from taverns, cafes and shops.
set a 5-minute walk from verona arena, la corticella apartment offers accommodation with free wifi, a few steps from piazza delle erbe square.
it features a bar with a shaded terrace and guest rooms equipped with a flat-screen tv.
in winter, there is a 5% discount on 5- or 6-day children’s ski lessons.
each features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a work desk, and panoramic views of the surrounding mountains.
offering a terrace and views of the sea, albergo alla stazione is set in múggia in the friuli venezia giulia region, 6 km from trieste.
set in the same ground of the quellenhof, park- und vitalresidenz quellenhof boasts a 10.000 m2 spa, its own 4-hole golf course, and outdoor and indoor swimming pools. surrounded by the sarntal alps, it is 5 km from san martino in passiria.
the reception at the star inn hotel premium münchen domagkstrasse is open 24/7.
mas lou peyloubet features free wifi.
kreisā impērija is located by the e22 european route in rīga, just a 10-minute drive to the city centre.
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is provided daily including cold cuts, cheese, and pastries.
fort amsterdam is less than 4.5 km from the hotel.
the hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning facilities.
shared bathroom are available.
featuring a bath with shower, the warmly decorated bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
marvelous space is located in lisbon, 5 km from amoreiras.
access to the motorway is possible 1 km away from the b&b and guests can go to the beach, a 35-minute drive away.
accommodations at residence fraser are fully serviced and buffet breakfast is also available.
the rooms are air conditioned, fitted with a flat-screen tv and include a private bathroom.
accommodation provides a tv with satellite channels, a cd- and a dvd player.
they are soundproofed and feature flat-screen tvs with satellite channels and private bathrooms.
set in the umbrian countryside, castello izzalini todi resort offers rustic-style apartments.
guests at hotel banana can dine in the restaurant, which features italian cuisine.
the grão vasco museum and viseu cathedral are just a 2-minute walk away.
other facilities offered include a tour desk.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower.
central tower is 200 metres from jawahar lal nehru stadium and 400 metres from the government general hospital.
laundry services are offered. car rental services are available upon request.
małdyty is 46 km from ariadna, while ostróda is 27 km away.
it stands directly on hiking and skiing tracks.
it is about 40 minutes from dresden, chemnitz or the czech border.
there is a wide array of activities for guests to enjoy in this area including cycling, hiking, swimming as well as sailing.
frei caneca convention centre is 150 metres from hotel moncloa.
agroturystyka nad jeziorem sopień is located in brzozie, at the shore of lake sopień, surrounded by drwęca river marshlands.
a microwave, stove and fridge are available in the kitchenette.
the âncora park’s restaurant serves authentic local and international dishes for lunch and dinner.
with wood furniture, they have their own private entrance, and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
some rooms include free wi-fi and each room has a private bathroom.
room service is provided upon request.
set in its spacious garden with outdoor pool and a playground, liscia eldi resort offers rustic-style apartments with a patio or garden 5 minutes' drive from the centre of san teodoro.
apartments at versalles suites are fully-furnished and feature private bathroom facilities, a fully-equipped kitchen, a dining area, a seating area and a balcony.
free wifi, free private parking and a breakfast buffet are featured at this hotel.
it offers ski-to-door access, a ski school, and alpine rooms with an lcd tv.
il moro e la siciliana offers air-conditioned accommodation in the centre of trapani, 300 metres from the port.
guests can cook their own meals and order room service breakfast.
rooms have simple modern furnishings and resin floors.
the main bus and train station is at a distance of 3.5 km.
the property offers beds in dormitory with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv. guests may find an electric kettle.
in-room films and coffee-making facilities are provided.
music and dance evenings on the roof terrace are organised on a regular basis.
mediterranean olympus hotel offers a grand setting for your time in litochoro, combining old world glamour with a modern touch.
offering a shared swimming pool, bungalow camarrocha 1 is located in a residential area in moraira.
other facilities at 3 bedroom seafront villa island view include an outdoor pool.
it is a 1-bedroom apartment with self-catering facilities and free wi-fi.
restaurants and grocery shops are located 150 metres away in the village.
they have full kitchens with microwaves and refrigerators.
a healthy breakfast buffet is served daily.
a dining area is also provided.
a seating area and a spacious bathroom with a shower are also included.
the property is 1.5 km from sea point pavilion swimming and 2.4 km from v&a waterfront.
the surrounding area is ideal for hiking, fishing, cycling and water sports.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
guests can enjoy meals in the comfort of their rooms.
rocky and pebbly beaches can be reached in a 3-minute walk, while punta corrente, reachable in a 15-minute walk, features pebbly city beaches surrounded by a pine tree forest.
the bus terminal is 300 metres from the property.
some rooms feature views of the sea or mountains.
offering an outdoor pool and views of the sea, la locanda del barbagianni is located in santa luce in the tuscany region, 32 km from pisa. free private parking is available on site.
rental bikes are available at reception.
the hotel's modern rooms all feature art work by atelier van lieshout and free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
located in protaras, oceanview villa 167 offers an outdoor pool.
the apartments at molino de badalejos maintain many original features, including the wooden beam ceilings.
a simple breakfast with coffee, croissants and pastries is served every morning.
offering a large spa area with an indoor swimming pool, this 4-star superior hotel is located in altenmarkt-zauchensee. the gamskogelbahn cable car is just in front of the property and provides access to the ski amadé ski region.
bruges is 40 minutes away from the studios by car.
busan asiad stadium is 6 km from the lazzi hotel, while seomyeon is 8 km from the property.
this accommodation unit comprises a living room with a flat-screen cable tv and a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
located in neodi, apartments villa talija offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access. the property is 10 km from old town budva and 20 km from the unesco-listed town of kotor.
guests have access to the greenbank health & leisure club, with contemporary facilities, including a fully-equipped gym, impressive 20 metre pool, hot tub, sauna and steam room.
the mercure grand umm al qura is about 950 metres from the holy mosque and features a free shuttle bus services to the haram during prayer times.
a ski storage room is also available.
shymbulak is 18 km from hostel eleon, while almaty central stadium is 500 metres from the property.
barbecue facilities are also available.
all the hotel bedrooms have free wifi access and some rooms are disabled friendly.
el rincon del labrador is set in the torozos mountains’ village of santa espina, 40 km from valladolid. the hotel is 1.4 km from the monastery and offers free wi-fi.
set on the town centre of numancia de la sagra, guests can reach the warner theme park in 40 minutes by car.
only 260 metres from copacabana beach, copacabana 402 d is a self-catering accommodation in rio de janeiro.
at mini-hotel izumrudnyi, guests can relax with a book in the library.
all air-conditioned rooms come with a tv, refrigerator and tiled floors.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
all the apartments come with a tv and a kitchen with a microwave.
brussels airport is 32 km away.
each unit is air conditioned.
staff speak great english and can offer all kinds of recommendations and tourist information.
free private parking is possible on site.
the 2-bedroom house comes with a fireplace and a flat-screen tv. there is an indoor and outdoor dining area, a seating area and a hammock in the 2000-m2 garden.
within easy walking distance you can explore the colourful rovinj’s old town, full of galleries, shops, bars and restaurants, as well as visit the historic st. euphemia’s church.
cheese plates, chocolates, flowers and champagne can also be arranged for an additional charge.
featuring cool breezes and scenic views, the restaurant serves a variety of thai and international dishes.
the menu includes a variety of traditional specialties as well as international cuisine.
the property features views of the garden is 39 km from egmond aan zee.
ibiza city centre, ibiza airport and sant antoni de portmany can be reached in less than 25 minutes’ drive away.
only 50 metres from templarios castle in ponferrada, hotel el castillo offers free wi-fi in a perfect setting.
the fitness centre of the hotel provides 5 types of fitness devices and it offers games and special children-friendly equipment.
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
extras include a sofa, bed linen and a fan.
a fully equipped shared kitchenette with a dining area and a fireplace is available to all guests.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for diving and cycling.
al ghurair centre is 12 km from dubai land - the villa, while twin towers shopping centre is 13 km from the property.
access to fax services is also available.
the air-conditioned rooms come with a cable tv, free bottled water and private bathroom with shower and free toiletries.
ihlara valley is 64.5 km, urgup is 30 km, goreme is 25 km and nevsehir city centre is 20 km away.
the property offers free parking.
other facilities offered include luggage storage.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
offering cosy rooms and a traditional schnitzel restaurant, this country hotel awaits you in weißenfels-bäumchen, in the heart of the popular saale-unstrut holiday region.
ampha place is located in koh samui, a 3-minute drive from mae nam beach.
the chalet is just 700 metres from blue mountain ski resort. the magnificent blue mountain is within 1 km away.
the property includes an outdoor pool surrounded by a green garden, and air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
located on a pedestrian area in central lido di jesolo, the 3-star hotel olanda is only 500 metres from the main street via bafile.
guests can relax in the hot-spring baths and request massages for an extra cost.
featuring free wifi, a restaurant and a barbecue, beach home kelaa offers accommodation in kelaa. the guest house has a sun terrace and a private beach area, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
red square is 2.1 km from apartment on sukharevskaya, while gum department store is 2.1 km away.
each spacious, modern room at the exe ciudad de córdoba has tiled floors and plenty of natural light.
at domum hotel, guests will find a 24-hour front desk. guests can also benefit from room service.
each room has a desk.
select rooms feature a kitchen or kitchenette.
fax and photocopying services are provided.
there is also a smoke room and 2 barbecue gazebos.
nice acropolis is 400 metres away and nice train station is 1.8 km away.
kildrummy house 447 is a holiday home located in davenport in the florida region and is 40 km from orlando.
free parking is available on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
guests of the club didyma can enjoy a variety of activities, including billiards, table tennis and darts.
the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and many of its recipes include homegrown produce.
the hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
the valli del mincio nature protection area is 6 km from ostello dei concari.
a free 2-way shuttle service is provided from ao nid pier.
the jefferson miami is located in the little havana district in miami, florida. featuring free wifi throughout the property, the jefferson is a 3 minutes' walk from 8th street.
towels and bed linen are provided at armony residence holiday apartment.
hotel agur offers practical rooms with tvs.
moments from the historic attractions of portland, maine, this charming hotel is conveniently located off motorway i-95 and offers a complimentary hot breakfast daily and an indoor/outdoor heated pool.
many restaurants and shops serving argentinian food from the salta province can be found less than a 10-minute walk away.
certain rooms have views of the mountain or pool.
ocean city municipal airport is 10 minutes’ drive.
the roof terrace on the george’s 7th floor offers scenic views over the alster.
enjoy a quiet read in the shade of the exotic plants of the jardines del sols pretty gardens.
château de la gabelle is located in ferrassières, 31 km from apt and 46 km from lʼisle-sur-la-sorgue.
offering modern décor, this apartment enjoys an open-plan seating, dining and kitchen area with stainless steel appliances.
downtown abilene is less than 10 minutes’ drive from emerald inn. abilene civic center and taylor county fairgrounds are within 2 miles.
the chalets include a kitchen, a dining area and a bathroom.
a scandinavian breakfast which includes northern specialities is also available.
urbino is 40-minute drive from the property.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
a typical italian breakfast, with hot drinks, juice and pastries, is offered daily.
for a surcharge, the property also offers an afternoon package, comprising tea, coffee and cake and free access to the minibar.
faro international airport is 28 km from falesia and albufeira with its beaches is at a 15-minute drive.
fun 'n' wheels fun park is 18 km from emerald castle, while kissimmee sports arena & rodeo is 19 km from the property.
the air-conditioned rooms are each equipped with a tea maker and alarm clock.
the historic centre of portoferraio is a 10-minute walk away.
the birch hill recreation area and big dipper ice arena are both within 10 minutes of the hotel.
in winter and in low season we are offering the whole villa exclusively for families or groups / up to 17 persons .
all rooms are equipped with a cable tv, central air-conditioning, and direct phone line.
it features a swimming pool and free wi-fi.
this spacious and bright apartment has a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave and a fridge.
suite fontana di trevi is 400 metres from via del corso high shopping street.
a variety of restaurants including penn station east coast subs and fazoli's are within 5 minutes’ walk of this hotel.
bicycle rental is also possible on site, allowing guests to explore the city at their own convenience.
the reception desk is available 24-hours a day at morton americas best value inn. a launderette is also on site.
metro line m3, as well as the non-stop tram lines 4 and 6 at nyugati train station are 550 metres away.
the hotel is 2 km from fateh sagar lake, udaipur bus stand.
this spacious villa features air conditioning and has a seating and dining area, washing machine and tumble dryer.
with free private parking on site, this hotel is accessible via the a6 motorway.
beginner ski slopes are just 500 metres away and the chalet offers free toboggans.
guests at the villa christina stay at uniquely styled rooms decorated with wooden beams and ornaments.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
it offers a lobby bar and rooms with a flat screen satellite tv and free wi-fi.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and slippers.
ponte de lima is 41 km away from casa do pomar.
each room has a tv, desk and wardrobe, as well as either a fan or air conditioning.
hotel condado de miranda features a rustic design with stone walls and tile roofs.
luggage storage, laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
free private parking is available on site.
located in tagaytay, a city known of its cooler climate and picturesque views, ecohotel offers non-smoking rooms.
at hotel boutique de la feria guests are only a 15-minute drive from bogota’s historical district, la candelaria.
an iron and a hairdryer are available upon request.
guests can relax by the outdoor swimming pool situated in the stone courtyard, or in the common lounge area with a fireplace.
offering links along the cinque terre coast, riomaggiore train station is a 5-minute stroll away.
the ski bus to the hahnenkamm ski lifts stops in front of the house.
the kitchen features an oven, a fridge and a stovetop and there is a private bathroom. a flat-screen tv and dvd player are featured.
artus court culture centre is within 160 metres, and toruń miasto railway station is within 900 metres.
the property is just 500 metres from the sasso lungo ski slopes, connected to the sella ronda ski area.
the artwork and décor in each danhostel roskilde guest room reflects various danish historical and cultural themes.
homemade cakes, cheese, traditional speck ham and much more is served at the buffet breakfast.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, apartments on pulkovskoe shosse is set in saint petersburg, 11 km from mariinsky theatre.
attention to detail is integral to the ethos of the hotel and the subdued palette runs throughout the tastefully decorated guest rooms.
they are all heated and equipped with a tv.
microtel by wyndham is conveniently within a 3-minute walk to st.
the apartment will provide you with a seating area. there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
shirakaba family land is a 15-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
in addition, the hotel arranges film shows and other activities for children.
this bright apartment features large windows with impressive ocean views.
costa da caparica and its beach are 19 km away.
staff at quality sogndal can advise on local activities such as glacier hiking tours.
each room is unique in style and has a private bathroom.
vasanta hostal boutique is set in a 20th century neo-classical building, 200 metres from urquinaona metro station.
some days inn kissimmee west rooms also include a seating area with a sofa bed.
car rental and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on-site tour desk.
appartamenti isola rossa is close to local shops and bars where you can enjoy your breakfast.
gourmet meals can be delivered to your room.
dalaman airport is 45 km away.
parking and internet access are free.
family mall is a 2-minute walk away.
borussia park stadium can be reached in 12 minutes by car.
free wi-fi is available.
guests can rent boats and fishing equipment on site.
the famous red square is 3 km away.
the black sea is within a 12-minute walk.
the elegant units are all air-conditioned and feature a minibar, flat-screen tv, and a private bathroom with free toiletries, a hairdryer, slippers and bathrobe.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
there is also a summer terrace and a nightclub.
each room has a shared bathroom.
there is also a bar and a restaurant serving typical tuscan cuisine, pizza and homemade desserts.
all rooms feature garden views, wooden floors and a wardrobe.
a flat-screen tv with cable is featured in each room at cadillac hotel venice. an ipod compatible radio is provided. a hairdryer and free toiletries are included in each en suite bathroom.
the nearest beach is around a 15-minute drive from carlota.
with a beachfront location, casavacanze castelli di sabbia offers accommodation in porto sant’elpidio, a 10-minute walk from the city centre.
the guesthouse boasts a massage parlour and beauty salon.
yumihari-no-oka hotel is a short 1-minute walk from the yumiharidake observation deck.
the tyrrhenian sea and latina are reachable in less than 10 minutes by car.
you can play billiards at the property, and ski equipment hire and bike hire are available.
all rooms have tea/coffee facilities and some have balconies and golf course views.
nozawa naritasan yakushiji temple is located an 11-minute walk away, while sengataki fall is just under a 2-hour drive away.
the outdoor swimming pool offers views of the fjord below.
it can accommodate up to 8 people.
all rooms at the norica guest house have a private bathroom including toiletries and a hairdryer.
all accommodation features a dining and lounge area with a tv and a dvd player.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and free bathrobe.
a wide variety of nightlife, places to eat and shops can be found within brighton city centre.
restaurants are 300 metres away and within 1 km, guests can reach a supermarket.
the hotel roma with its liberty style is in the historical centre of porretta terme, just a short distance from the spa-bath and wellness centre.
the studio provides a flat-screen cable tv and a fully equipped kitchenette with a toaster, a microwave and an electric kettle.
or, you can enjoy breakfast in bed.
les marines beach is 3.5 km from capsades vb, while denia bus station is 1.8 km from the property.
terreiro do paço with its riverside cafes and summer terraces is within 15 minutes’ walking.
south-fork is located in vibøge and can accommodate up to twelve persons.
the property is 1.5 km from chaweng walking street and 1.2 km from ark bar samui.
situated a 10-minute walk from berlin's famous kurfürstendamm shopping boulevard and within comfortable walking distance of 4 underground lines, this hotel offers elegant accommodation in a quiet side street.
within short walking distance of shops, restaurants and cafés, the alna apartment is about 2.5 km from mestre station. train service runs to venice, padua, treviso and san donà di piave.
the lounge includes a selection of drinks from area wineries and breweries.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
you can enjoy pool view from the room.
the hotel offers an airport shuttle and cozy rooms with tile floors.
open for breakfast and lunch, the victorian tea room offers an english menu.
shower facilities and free toiletries are included in an en suite bathroom.
the younger guests of the ter kelling can have fun in the playground with carousel.
lisbon international airport is 7 km from city stays chiado.
each room has a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
the adriatic coast is 20 km from the property, while bari is reachable by car in around 35 minutes.
the recently renovated capsis hotel is located in the heart of thessaloniki, 900 metres from the central square of the city.
canoeing and rafting is possible on the saale river just 5 km away, and geiseltalsee lake is 20 km from ferienwohnung dreyen lilien.
it offers a daily continental breakfast and features rooms with free wi-fi, a cable tv and dvd player.
the on site restaurant serves chinese buffet dishes for breakfast.
vilas bhim is 1.8 km from the central museum and the lively bapu bazaar.
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
the garden café, sui yuan restaurant and noodle house are the dining options offered in the hotel. snacks and cocktails are served at the m bar and lobby lounge.
in the morning you can enjoy a varied breakfast.
the kitchenette includes a stove and a coffee machine, as well as kitchenware.
koi hotel is a 15-minute drive from nightlife options in seminyak and legian.
located above a traditional east london pub, the rooms at park tavern feature en suite bathrooms with free toiletries.
wi-fi is available at the golf bar adriatic.
villa weitblick is 2 km from eisenach train station, and it is a 10-minute drive to the a4 motorway.
jdayde hotel aleppo’s room have stone walls and white linens. in-room amenities include satellite tv, slippers and air conditioning.
guests are welcome to use the washing machine, or read a book from the small library.
luggage storage is provided at the 24-hour reception.
some rooms also include a balcony.
the hotel is within an hour’s drive of ciénaga del fuerte state park and the beaches at tecolutla.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
historical central station is 700 metres from corso buenos aires shopping street.
bathrooms and toilets are shared while towels are available at an additional charge.
originally opened in 1897, first hotel grand was often the preferred choice of danish royalty and nobility.
this non-smoking property offers free wi-fi, free parking and air-conditioned rooms with a cable tv.
the sankt anton ski area is 1.5 km away.
restaurants and a grocery store are within easy walking distance.
a 24-hour reception is available at fountain motel santa maria.
it is a 2-hour drive from kaohsiung international airport.
at gasthof adler you will find a terrace.
the en suite bathrooms are equipped with a refreshing rainshower and metis bath amenities that include a dental and vanity kit.
they also come with a modern bathroom.
the centre of larnaca city is 1.5 km away.
private parking is available at the krone for an extra fee.
just 700 metres from karlshagen’s sandy beach on the island of usedom, this hotel offers wellness facilities and free wi-fi.
avila beach is 7 miles away from san luis obispo hampton inn & suites.
sofitel nanjing zhongshan golf resort is 2 km from dr. sun yat-sen's mausoleum scenic area and a 20-minute drive from tangshan hot spring resort.
internet access is free.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and toiletries.
private bathroom includes a stone hot spring tub, shower and hairdryer.
johann. freshly prepared regional dishes and vegetarian meals are served at lunch and dinner.
la barca’s café-bar serves snacks and drinks throughout the day.
the outdoor swimming pool is in the hotel gardens.
offer stunning ocean views and an outdoor swimming pool, shorelines 19 offers accommodation in hamilton island.
special events can also be catered for by a team of dedicated professionals.
kitchenware and outdoor furniture are also provided.
cooked english and continental breakfasts are served in the quaint dining room.
the nearest airport is murcia-san javier airport, 30 km from the property.
a hairdryer and free toiletries are provided.
the castellana caves are reachable by car in less than 30 minutes, and picturesque locorotondo is 11 km away.
formigal is the largest ski resort in spain and is located 10 minutes’ drive from the french border.
set in an artistic neighbourhood, hotel american-dinesen is 250 metres from both the academy of fine arts and the peggy guggenheim collection.
breakfast and light meals are available at the in-house café mandeltårtan.
towels, slippers and linen are provided.
the sala dei sogni restaurant serves traditional local and italian cuisine.
this hotel offers air-conditioned rooms, an on-site café serving californian cuisines and a well-equipped fitness centre.
the rustic holiday home has a patio with outdoor furniture.
you can enjoy sea pool views.
the bistro serves breakfast and dinner options daily.
the centre of the village is a 5-minute walk from agritur laura.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
they also have microwaves and refrigerators.
fc barcelona’s camp nou stadium is 2 km away.
each room is fitted with a flat-screen satellite tv, safety deposit box and telephone. a minibar and tea/coffee making facilities are included.
each unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers.
offering a garden and barbecue, chez bea luxury villa is set on praslin island and 15 minutes' walk from cote d’or beach.
it offers a convenient car rental service.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
hotel splendid mare is set in an ancient monastery, just off the passeggiata del golfo seaside promenade of laigueglia.
the queen tamar airport is 2.8 km away.
rádpuszta medieval church ruin is 6 km from boathouse balatonlelle.
guests are offered free pedalos and canoes for one hour per day.
make the most of the tropical climate by the pool or rent bicycles at resort petchvarin to explore the region.
free wifi access is available here.
it offers free wi-fi and country-style accommodation with a loggia with garden views.
set on 2 levels, this spacious self-catering holiday home offers a private terrace and a shared garden featuring bbq facilities.
modern touches include a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
westphalian and mediterranean dishes are served along with a large selection of red wines in the elegant tenne restaurant, which features a chandelier.
kelebek apartments also includes a terrace.
offering an outdoor pool and an à la carte restaurant, turistichesky kompleks razdolye is located in aleshkino.
thealos village is just 200 metres from the seaside promenade.
situated along the terrassenweg, above the village of grindelwald, chalet bodmisonne offers a fully furnished apartment with a large balcony and beautiful mountain views.
linens and towels are provided.
free parking is available on site.
the air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a fridge and come with toiletries.
bude and north cornwall golf course is less than 2 miles away.
the private bathroom is fitted with a bath.
the design spa features a hot tub and beauty treatments or massages are available at extra costs.
all of the contemporary apartments and studios at aparthotel adagio access paris la villette offer a microwave and refrigerator.
the comfortable accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv, a refrigerator and air conditioning.
casa vacanza il malandrone is 2 km from the rosignano m. exit of the a12 motorway.
krasnodar international airport is 1590 km away.
some rooms have a balcony.
starlight haadrin resort is a 30-minute drive from thong sala pier.
all rooms of la truite provide cable tv and a washing basin.
set on 5 acres, the unique, tuscan-style yallingup chateau eco-house boasts 5 bedrooms, a spa bath and a spacious living area with a wave-shaped roof.
some have shared toilet facilities.
housing a restaurant, guests will be served with a delectable spread of local and western dishes.
the a29 motorway is ideally located a 6-minute drive away and free private parking is possible on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge, concierge service and hairdresser's at the property.
there are many shops and bars in the streets around the apartments, and the lively dos de mayo street is just 230 metres away.
the lift to narvikfjellet mountain, with skiing opportunities in the winter, is located 750 metres from the hotel.
bed linen is featured.
it takes 40 minutes by car to ngurah rai airport.
guests enjoy breakfast in the room and may order from the room service.
memories beach hotel is located on the south east coastline of santorini, in the quiet area of monolithos.
featuring city and sea views, this charming apartment combines traditional elements like expose stone walls with modern décor.
essen is 42 km from apartment bergisches land, while bonn is 41 km from the property.
huaca pucllana ruins are located 1 block away from marqay friends hostel miraflores, while kennedy park is 8 blocks away.
durban city centre is 6 km away.
during the summer, barbecued dishes can be enjoyed in the garden.
each offers views of either the hotel gardens, or of the mediterranean sea.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing, snorkelling and canoeing.
the property boasts views of the sea and is 1.1 km from galei galilee beach.
the property can accommodate up to eight persons.
this country house is 47 miles from london heathrow airport and 38 miles from london gatwick airport.
wifi is available in the restaurant, as well as in most rooms.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
it also features a free wifi, free parking on site, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
you can order home cooked meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
suites lafragua is located 1 km from the manuel avila camacho seafront and 3 km from veracruz town centre.
free wifi is available.
it is 60 km from kawhia’s te puia (hot water) beach.
several hiking trails start directly on the premises.
sussex heritage coast area is just over a mile from the hotel.
situated in brussels, this apartment features a terrace. apartment city central sablon boasts views of the city and is 300 metres from manneken pis.
the renovated restaurant offers local gastronomic specialities.
the hotel du parc does everything to make your stay unforgettable and entirely dedicated to rest and relaxation. the hotel offers spacious rooms equipped with new furniture and bedding, private bathrooms, telephone and satellite tv.
gilleleje golf course is a 4-minute drive away.
located in vilnius, mindaugo apartment 23a offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access and free private parking.
free wi-fi in available throughout.
hotel papp-mühle is located just steps away from a number of hiking and cycling trails that wander through the surrounding nature areas.
the kitchen is equipped with microwave and refrigerator.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
wifi and private parking are free.
some rooms feature a balcony with sea views.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the beach is a 10-minute drive away.
all rooms at esaka hotel claiton are fitted with a flat-screen tv, fridge, electric kettle and desk.
the air-conditioned unit is 800 metres from mae nam pier, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
all rooms have a luxury bathroom with designer toiletries, a seating area and scenic views.
guests can also benefit from a convenient room service.
guests can enjoy meals at poruchik golicin’s restaurant and the hotel’s facilities include a spacious banquet hall.
some units also feature a washing machine.
la spezia is 6 km from villa alberto, while corvara is 15 km from the property.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
port alberni howard johnson hotel also features an on-site liquor store.
there is an equipped kitchen with refrigerator, microwave and coffee machine.
the bellavista hotel is set in the heart of compatsch.
restaurants, pizzerias, bars and shops can all be found inside the tourist complex.
alianthos suites also features a children’s playground and bbq facilities.
the stoefelknoeg features a restaurant and a bar.
each is equipped with a tv, a fridge and a telephone.
the 4-star city north hotel is just off junction 7 of the m1.
the international airport of punta cana is a 20-minute drive away.
for shoppers, millwood crossing, a renovated apple-packing warehouse, is home to several specialty shops, galleries and apple products.
aria 1-bedroom cottage is a 6-minute drive from convent gallery daylesford and an 8-minute drive from both lake daylesford and wombat hill botanical gardens.
featuring an a la carte restaurant and a garden, zemara is conveniently situated just a 15-minute walk from the hatfield gautrain station in pretoria.
extras include a safety deposit box and a flat-screen tv.
freshly baked bread rolls are available on request.
this apartment features a flat-screen tv, air-conditioning and a microwave.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
situated in the quiet and peaceful bois de la chaize district, the 19th century castle is home to a genuinely charming hotel with cosy rooms with personalised decor.
bauernhaus behamhof features a garden with deck chairs and barbecue facilities. children can get familiar with the animals at the small petting zoo on site.
the podere dell'anselmo is a small farmhouse offering independent apartments, an on-site swimming pool, horseback riding facilities, wine tasting and a cooking school.
other meals are served at the restaurant.
modena is 45 km from the property, while bologna can be reached in less than 1.5 hours’ drive.
this hostel is located in the centre of kazan, a 15-minute walk from the qol sharif mosque.
every unit features a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
this guesthouse is located 350 metres from trancoso ́s historical centre on quadrado square. there guests find many shops, bars and restaurants.
hotel rosalía is located in padrón, just 15 minutes’ drive from santiago de compostela.
willa majerz is situated in hałuszowa, near krościenko nad dunajcem, just 300 metres from the trail to the trzy korony mountain.
this hotel is located in the heart of minsk, just a 5-minute walk from oktyabrskaya square.
kaupanger stave church is a 11.5 km away.
phuket airport is located 15 km from the property.
other facilities available at the property include tennis courts and jet skis.
the modern, air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, safety deposit box and a seating area with a sofa.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
laundry, dry cleaning and daily maid service are all provided.
trendy shoreditch’s bars, cafés and restaurants are within 20 minutes’ walk of the apartments.
with a city view, the rooms include a flat-screen tv and private bathroom with a shower.
the nearest airport is pardubice airport, 67 km from hospůdka u zvoničky.
offering a restaurant, a bar, and a 24-hour front desk, motel restaurant elite is located on the outskirts of drobeta-turnu severin, within a 5-minute drive from the city centre.
the modern hotel offers free parking, a 24-hour front desk and a stylish cafe bar.
you can find restaurants 6 km from the susi haus.
wifi is free.
guests of the apartamento charmoso are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen, enjoying them in the dining area.
guests can also find the shopping street josé mesa y lópez within a 5-minute walk.
a flat-screen cable tv, an electric kettle and minibar are standard in all classic cream-coloured rooms.
dachstein west ski area can be reached within 15 km.
some units provide sea views.
guests can relax on the furnished sun terrace and there is a children's play area.
all units come with a satellite tv and balcony.
offering simple accommodation, kubanskaya guest house is located in shapsugskaya, a 3-minute walk from the adegoy river.
offering a terrace and ski storage space, appartamenti clelia is set in pellizzano, 200 metres from the bus stop with links to the main ski areas.
the haute nendaz cable car is a 6-minute walk away.
the property also has 5 hectares of vineyards, which it is possible to visit on request.
it offers an outdoor pool, nearby golf facilities and free parking.
cocktails and local wines are proposed in the hotel's bar la gabare, which faces the river.
each air-conditioned unit has a balcony and safety deposit box. shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
at liverpool’s stanley dock, the titanic hotel liverpool is found in the site’s former north warehouse, and offers stylish accommodation around 5 minutes’ drive from the city centre.
guests can start their day with a breakfast, before exploring the city centre of lisbon with the many restaurants and bars.
a 24-hour reception is available at the vincennes super 8 motel and guests will also be able to enjoy a drink from the on site vending machines.
further services available at a surcharge include laundry and ironing services.
at apartment sienkiewicza guests will find barbecue facilities.
the madeira international airport is an 18-minute drive from the property.
other commodities include a fireplace, a tv/satellite channels, a dvd player and a hi-fi system/cd player.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a toaster and fridge.
all apartments at gästeheim krößbach have a mountain-view balcony, a private bathroom and satellite tv.
pulkovo airport is 20 km away.
san siro stadium is 2.3 km from certosa loft.
at your disposal there is a washing machine, iron and a hair dryer.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
in winter, full board is offered comprising a buffet breakfast, a lunch buffet with hot dishes, and dinner with theme evenings.
skiing opportunities at mount ashland ski resort is 25 miles away.
free wi-fi access and a daily continental breakfast are provided to the hotel’s guests.
dijon is a 45-minute drive away and autun is a 35-minute drive from the hotel.
room service is available.
los angeles international airport is located 65 km from the property.
nearby you can visit ancient-walled cities.
located in creully, just opposite the castle, le relais du chateau dates back to the 19th-century and offers a small courtyard and veranda. bayeux is just 14 km away.
guests are advised to book a car parking space in advance.
wenzhou international convention and exhibition centre is 2.5 km from ji hotel wenzhou airport avenue, while wenzhou university is 3.3 km from the property.
breakfast is served and free wifi is accessible throughout the property.
this hotel is located in the centre of yekaterinburg, just a 2-minute walk from dinamo metro station.
extras include cable channels.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
qemmat al rafaa is on prince saad bin abdulrahman al awal road in riyadh.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and pay-per-view channels.
shops can be found nearby.
breakfast is served in the restaurant.
located in the town of tinos, athos studios is only 50 metres from kalamia beach and features a bar.
the apartments boast a warm contemporary décor, with wide seating area and wooden floors.
a hairdryer, clock radio and ironing facilities come standard in each comfortable room.
the hotel is within walking distance from asoke mrt subway station and emporium department store.
all rooms have the use of shared modern bathrooms.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and fishing.
visit the nearby adiamo dance club, the kaiserpalais theatre and the bali thermal baths.
all rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
certain units have views of the mountain or pool.
you can play billiards at the property, and bike hire and car hire are available.
there is also a kitchen and dining area.
an extensive breakfast buffet offers a choice of american, argentinean or patagonian food.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
sarajevo airport is 50 km away.
zermatt train station is 1.3 km away.
choose from modern, neo-classic, ottoman, american and gothic. there is also a choice of sizes to accommodate your family, friends, or allow more space for your business needs.
there is a shared bathroom with a shower in the main house.
daily maid service is available.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
vrsar centre is 500 metres away from pineta hotel.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv with cable channels. some units include a seating area and/or balcony.
the hostel is an ideal base for exploring the altmühltal nature park or cycling along the well-known altmühltalradweg (altmühl valley cycle trail).
featuring a private outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers, casa andalucia is located in benajarafe. this property offers terraces, garden, and air-conditioned apartments and studios with free wifi.
buzios bus station is also 1 km away.
box hostel n cafe is located in chiang mai, 300 metres from kad suan kaew shopping centre.
la pointe de la hague, barfleur and barneville-carteret are half an hour’s drive from the manor.
at pousada marraial you will find a bar and a shared kitchen. other facilities offered include grocery deliveries and a shared lounge with tv..
it offers free wi-fi access and suites with a fireplace and antique-style furniture.
you can play tennis at this bed and breakfast, and the area is popular for golfing.
happy garden restaurant serves a selection of chinese cuisine.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
the living room has a flat-screen tv and 2 sofa beds, while kitchen facilities include a microwave, fridge and hob.
you can enjoy your meals at the poolside with stunning views of the surrounding mountains.
you can play table tennis and billiards at the property, and free use of bicycles is available.
free wifi access is available.
casa manuel el herrero features rustic wooden beams and parquet floors.
the rooms have a private bathroom.
each unit at dina mariner city appartement features a bathroom and a hairdryer.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with slippers and towels.
agricaltural house ghasteynya is a holiday home with a barbecue, situated in drozdava in the minsk region region. the unit is 3 km from minsk.
there are common kitchen facilities. free parking is provided.
parking is available on site.
rooms come with a private bathroom.
all the furniture at the property is wooden and eco-friendly.
all of the best western premier parkhotel bad mergentheim’s tastefully furnished rooms feature a balcony or a loggia, a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven, toaster and fridge. a stovetop is also featured, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
you will receive vouchers for breakfast, that includes both sweet and savoury items and is served at a café nearby.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool it also is a 10-minute drive from the peniche centre, which has boat connections with sunny berlengas island.
other services like laundry, dry cleaning and take-away lunches are offered at hotel sierra mar.
the property offers free parking at a location nearby.
in the house: sauna, whirlpool, storage room for skies, central heating system, washing machine, tumble dryer.
these fully-furnished bungalows are all fitted with a seating area, a private bathroom, a flat-screen tv and a fully-equipped kitchen.
alberobello is 23 km from il vicoletto, while monopoli is 8 km from the property.
it has its own private beach with free sun loungers and umbrellas as well as an outdoor swimming pool.
in the heart of downtown oklahoma city and only steps from top attractions including at&t bricktown ballpark, this hotel features a free daily hot breakfast and signature cloud nine beds.
offering a spa centre and hot tub, mandala village is set in jimbaran in the bali region, 2.9 km from the rock bar.
the fully equipped kitchen of odessa gate apartments 3 is the place to prepare your meals, or you can visit one of the cafés or restaurants within an easy walking distance of the property.
khao san road is approximately a 20-minute drive away, while suvarnabhumi international airport is a 28 km drive away.
free wifi is available throughout.
edem hotel is just 10 km from apollonia village, the capital of sifnos, and a 20-minute drive from kamares port.
guests will be 3 minutes’ walk from butler plaza shopping centre.
just 500 metres from the beach at caleta de fustes, villa el vergel features a private swimming pool and a furnished terrace.
drinks are available in the lobby bar and on the rooftop terrace.
the noble hotel is a 25-minute drive from changi airport.
the hostel also offers car hire.
the rooms at hotel emia are all air-conditioned and fitted with a wardrobe, flat-screen tv, as well as an attached private bathroom featuring shower facility and free toiletries.
all rooms at the télécabine feature a private bathroom with free toiletries and mountain views.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
located in the heart of the old town, this apartment is just a short walking distance away to the flea market dry bridge, freedom square and main streets.
varna is 17 km away and the delphinarium is 12 km away.
you can start your day with a rich buffet breakfast served in the rustic-style dining room with a tiled stove.
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a bidet and shower, with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
we have a tradition of 450 years.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
guests can also use the services of the mujen lux spa area, which features an indoor pool, a hot tub, different saunas and a steam bath, massages and beauty treatments at a surcharge.
surrounded by greenery, guest house elena is located in kriushkino, 500 metres from lake pleshcheyevo.
they have a balcony or terrace overlooking the mountains and the hochzeiger ski region.
in the historical town of nefyn on the beautiful lleyn peninsula, caeau capel was built in the late 1800s as a country house for the miller family whose daughter went on to marry the prime minister, clement attlee, who was a frequent visitor to the house.
the studios will provide you with a seating area and a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
taksim metro station, 200 metres away, offers easy access to other sites in the city.
shower facilities can be found in the private bathroom.
louvre museum is 800 metres from welcome hotel, while notre dame cathedral is 900 metres away.
wi-fi throughout is free.
rooms offer both air conditioning and heating facilities. each room is equipped with a fridge, a humidifier and a flat-screen tv. the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub.
the royal solaris cancun offers water sport equipment rentals and daily night-time entertainment.
half board with a 3-course or 4-course dinner are served in the marie antoinette restaurant.
it offers well-equipped rooms and a daily breakfast buffet.
a buffet breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and coffee and cakes are offered in the afternoon during winter season.
all rooms offer a balcony, a flat-screen satellite tv and a minibar.
they offer self-catered accommodation with a view to the aegean sea.
from late may to mid-october, the ötztal premium card is included in the rate.
situated 10 km south of basel, the riverside apartments offer you quiet, light and clean accommodation with views towards the lush green surroundings or the birs river.
the reception is open 24 hours a day, helping guests with any information they might need.
offering a restaurant, penzión house hamm is located in vranov nad topľou.
the louis leger hotel also has a lobby bar.
accessible by boat, the over-water edge serves fresh seafood and premium wines.
surrounded by landscaped gardens in a great location near playa del carmen's famous beach and 5th avenue, this property offers fully furnished 2 and 3-bedroom apartments.
maharana pratap bus terminal is 7 km away, while the indira gandhi international airport is 16 km away.
the centre of manhattan and central park are 3.5 miles from the hotel.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
the hotel offers a stylish restaurant, eva's, and a breakfast buffet served every morning with regional ingredients.
the lounge bar is open late in the evening and includes an outdoor terrace with tables and sofas.
set in the centre of béziers, hôtel concorde features a 24-hour reception and is located 900 metres from the beziers train station.
other facilities include electric heating.
the nearest airport is olbia costa smeralda airport, 30 km from le ville di s.anna.
the restaurant serves traditional tyrolean cuisine.
free private parking and wifi are available.
each room has a tv, a telephone and a private bathroom with a bathtub.
the large rooms at the gästehaus sparenberg provide a comfortable base for cycling and hiking holidays.
it occupies a historic engadine-style building and offers rooms with panoramic mountain views.
abc residence is located in the heart of şişli district.
the italy in miniature theme park is 2 km from the hotel, which provides free outdoor parking upon availability, and guarded parking nearby.
the private bathrooms come with a shower.
a village shuttle bus operates free of charge in winter.
free parking is available on site at the hotel.
room service is available 24/7.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, djibson hotels is located in cotonou.
this leads straight to the lounge dining area, which is equipped with satellite tv and dvd player.
guests can enjoy international dishes in a nearby restaurant, a 5-minute walk from teja home stay.
the apartments feature a tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
orcas island airport is 5 km away and an 18-minute drive from orcas island ferry terminal with service to anacortes, washington.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
free parking is available.
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven.
the rooms are also equipped with a work desk and coffee maker.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, a fridge and a stovetop.
sitting on a cliff overlooking the south china sea, it also provides free wi-fi and free parking.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
featuring free wi-fi and a large lcd tv, the apartament u kowala is located in kościelisko, 1.5 km from the chochołowska valley.
tourist house ghiberti's rooms are air-conditioned and feature a free internet terminal, a computer, a dvd/cd player with a selection of films, sound speakers, and earphones by the beds.
the property is located 1 km from matriz church and 500 metres from the bus terminal.
it features a seasonal spa and restaurant, and rooms with lcd tvs and wood floors.
rooms include a flat-screen tv, and a popular breakfast buffet is served daily.
extras include bed linen.
guests can relax on the sun terrace or rent a canoe to explore the surroundings.laundry facilities are available for guests.
apartment ozturk offers accommodation in sancak, 10 km from trabzon and 24 km from macka.
this self-catering accommodation is located in a quiet side street in heringsdorf, a 5-minute walk from the ostsee therme thermal baths, the beach and the pier.
all rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
within a 100-metre distance there are restaurants, shops and transportation options.
the nearest airport is dubrovnik airport, 15 km from apartment ronchi.
apartment in hammamet offers pet-friendly accommodation in hammamet, 6 km from kasbah of hammamet and 6 km from carthageland hammamet.
river side house is located only 10-minutes from soufriere’s pristine beach and offers guests free wi-fi , a fully equipped kitchen and a comfortable seating area with couches.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
a butler service and room service is available 24-hours a day.
diners will appreciate the hotel's bistro, where you can try a variety of regional dishes.
the property offers free parking.
in winter you can also do ice fishing at the lake, ice fishing gear can be loaned from reception.
located just a 5-minute walk from hua hin beach, @sea hua hin resort offers comfortable accommodation.
it has access to a shared outdoor pool and sun terrace.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
many restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk from the premises.
a shared hot tub is offered at windswept on the trent – campbellford for guest relaxation.
at aquiraz beach place a restaurant, a tennis court and a fitness centre are available. other facilities like grocery deliveries, a shared lounge and a games room are offered.
the bed and breakfast is 3.2 km from bjcc, 900 metres from vulcan park and museum and 2.0 km from birmingham zoo.
ferienwohnung kliffsand is located in the heart of the sylt nature reserve, and is an ideal base for hiking and cycling.
st barthelemy airport is located 1.5 km away.
the restaurant offers daily breakfast and room service.
guests at the 5-star hotel enjoy buffet breakfast at the falls, with regional items and fresh tropical fruits.
this modern hotel offers free motorbike rentals.
after a day of sightseeing guests can relax in the hotel lounge with a fireplace and enjoy a game of billiards.
just 200 metres from a long sandy beach, within 5 minutes’ drive of central hudiksvall, hostel hudiksvall malnbaden camping offers a fully equipped kitchen and a cosy tv lounge.
the property offers free parking.
the village centre is easily reached within a 2 minute walk from the hotel, with plenty of restaurants and traditional taverns to choose from.
sun and sand offers accommodation in candolim, 3.1 km from shanta durga temple and 1.4 km from candolim beach.
this holiday home is 82 km from mattala rajapaksa international airport.
to relax, guests can go on a snorkeling or hiking trips.
the fully-furnished apartment is fitted with a tv with cable channels, a fully-equipped kitchen, a dining area, heating and a view of the city.
the apartments and studios have a tv and free wi-fi access is available.
each is fitted with a microwave, tea/coffee maker and satellite flat-screen tv.
airport shuttle is provided at a surcharge.
the restaurant is an important element of hotel restaurant du lac logis.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave.
featuring a shower, bathrooms also come with a bath.
this 3-star superior hotel in berlin’s vibrant kreuzberg district offers free wi-fi. hotel prens berlin faces the landwehrkanal canal, and is just 100 metres from schönleinstraße underground station.
parking on site is free for guests.
maragogi is 36 km from divinos flat.
hotel provides ample parking spaces for guests.
the studio is located 800 m from the centre of la croisette and 100 m from the ski-run.
it serves a complimentary breakfast with fresh juices, cheeses and falafels.
it is situated 250 metres from basilique saint-sermin and a 4-minute walk from the city centre.
city’s main railway station, gdańsk główny, is only 300 metres away.
naples international airport can be reached in approximately a 1.5 hours' drive.
a bakery, delicatessen and grocery delivery service can also be arranged.
a kitchenette, living area and garden are available at the cottage, which is located in an bang village.
the classic-style apartment is air conditined and has satellite tv.
offering a sauna and fitness centre, chengdu hoking hotel is located in the qingyang district in chengdu, 2.9 km from du fu thatched cottage.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and amenities and there is a well-equipped kitchenette.
overlooking ildir bay and its tiny islands, cesme inn garden offers modern accommodation with air conditioning and satellite tv.
this modern hotel is located in merano centre, 300 metres from the train station.
holiday home skovstjernevej spøttrup is located in vadum.
some rooms have a safe and a work desk.
the railway station is 300 metres from the violetta house.
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport, 16 km from resort m bangkok.
city hotel wetzlar features free wifi access and free private parking.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
activities near the hotel atlantik include golf, tennis, and cycling.
dalian zhoushuizi international airport is 1 km away.
the bungalove - koh tao offers stunning sea views over saree beach, as well as 2 spacious terraces.
apartment ivovic offers pet-friendly accommodation in herceg-novi.
various massages can be booked on-site.
the property has a large garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities.
düren town centre and düren golf club are each 5 minutes away by car. hotel hilgers is 12 minutes from the a4 motorway, allowing easy access to cologne and aachen.
free parking is available on site.
extras include a minibar, a seating area and satellite channels.
la ferme chauvet is 35 km from le mans.
featuring free wifi and a fully equipped kitchen, hollywood landmarks apartment is located 8.9 km from staples center and 3.9 km from sunset strip.
guest house on rostovskaya features free wifi throughout the property.
the main train and bus station, as well as split ferry port with links to nearby islands, is 8 km away.
v-accommodation manzoni guesthouse is ideally located to offer easy access all rome’s attractions, such as the basilica of san pietro and the vatican museums, a 15-minute metro ride away.
guests can cook in the on-site shared kitchen.
the corona serves a generous breakfast buffet in the mornings.
guests can enjoy soaking in the private hot spring baths at a surcharge.
slots at sudbury downs is 26 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a bidet.
certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day. some rooms include views of the mountains or city.
a cable tv and a work desk are furnished in each room at days inn waccamaw spartanburg.
there is a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
if you are in town on business, the reginna palace hotel can accommodate you in its fully-equipped congress centre.
santiago de compostela airport and its airport are a 1.5-hour drive away.
there is also a poolside cocktail bar and a lobby bar with a tv showing live sporting events.
at pensiunea la moara, guests will find a garden with barbecue facilities and a children’s playground.
portobello boutique hotel is less than a 10-minute walk from the old port and boasts spectacular views over the aegean sea.
jindabyne is a 50-minute drive away.
for meals, enjoy fine western dishes at the tea restaurant.
tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
you can also spend some relaxing time in the bar enjoying you favourite drink.
the walkway by the sea, calçadão beira-mar, is 1 km away.
located in a residential area of moscow, a 20-minute walk to tekstilshchiki metro station, mini hotel na saratovskoy offers simple rooms with free wi-fi.
this accommodation comprises a furnished balcony, a flat-screen satellite tv and a seating area.
this family-run guest house is set in a large garden, only 2 km from the centre of l’isle-sur-la-sorgue.
located 400 metres from sandy beach, summer apartment in balchik offers an air-conditioned apartment with balcony and free private parking possibilities.
drinks and coffee are served by the poolside bar.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a bidet.
this apartment offers a balcony, seating area, washing machine and cable tv. the bathroom comes a hairdryer.
the apartments include a seating area and a well-equipped kitchen with dining area.
erdek district centre is within 4.5 km.
the two bedroom property provides a tv and a hot tub.there is fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
located 100 metres from the famous pachia ammos beach, polydoros hotel apartments offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi and balcony.
they include a flat-screen tv and come equipped with a coffee machine, microwave, and small refrigerator.
the property is a 10-minute walk from insadong, while gyeongbokgung palace and dongdaemun are a 3-minute drive away.
the luxurious nagari health and beauty spa offers a gym, hot tub and turkish bath.
a relaxation centre and a spa centre are both reachable within a 5-minute walk.
mljet national park is at a distance of 28 km.
sant antoni metro station is 200 metres from the apartments and offers connection to passeig de gracia and the sagrada familia.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 23 km from the property.
the property offers a sauna, a whirlpool, a private terrace with barbecue facilities and sea view from the first floor.
it offers free shuttle service from yevpatoriya train station.
guests can keep fit at the on-site fitness center with cardio equipment, treadmills and bikes.
athens international airport is at 33 km.
the inn is surrounded by stunning scenery and has many walking trails on the doorstep.
vittorio emanuele ii gallery and la scala opera house are within a 15-minute walk of serendipity rooms.
the hotel is an ideal base for hiking tours.
at holiday home slåenvænget rudkøbing xii you will find a terrace. other facilities include a swing and sandpit.
arabba town centre is 1 km away.
galeao international airport is located 18 km away.
please note that the hotel does not accept anyone under the age of 18 years.
the restaurant serves maronesa beef dishes and a bar and snack bar are featured.
a private bathroom and flat-screen lcd tv with dvd player are included in all garlands rooms.
the nearest airport is malindi airport, 20 km from the property.
a daily breakfast is served at the property and dinner can be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant, featuring bulgarian and international dishes.
strandhaus lüt hus is 3 km from lübeck-travemünde hafen train station, and it is a 30-minute drive to the a226 motorway.
many dining options are available to satisfy everyone.
free private parking is available on site.
guests will enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning.
the nearest airport is lyon - saint exupery airport, 17 km from appartement tolstoï - le totem.
hotel imperial is located in simferopol, 1.7 km from simferopol’ and 39 km from alushta.
there are 2 acres of pretty gardens, and you can relax in outdoor seating areas with views of the local area.
visit the vineyards in the vicinity and indulge in the best that the area has to offer, whilst enjoying the tranquillity of this magnificent setting. surrounded by some of the wine route's finest estates, you will have every excuse to explore the wonders of the cape at your leisure.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children's playground.
vakantiehuisjes "de helpeney" is a self-catering accommodation located in horst.
some include a seating area and bathrobes.
at secret de neige you will find a piano.
bangkok city hotel is 600 metres from bts-phaya thai station, 1.5 km from pratunam platinum fashion mall and 1.9 km from central world plaza mall.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
meiji ryokan is a 15-minute drive from lake chiyoda and takeda shrine.
the riverside shopping centre can be reached within a few stops.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
it serves a daily buffet breakfast and features spacious rooms with a refrigerator and free wi-fi.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
a delivery service for fresh bread rolls is available on request for a surcharge.
the nearest grocery store can be found within 20 metres from apartmany respect.
they all have a private terrace and free internet access, as well as a tv with a dvd player.
staff at the 24-hour reception can assist with luggage storage, laundry and airport shuttle services.
václav havel airport prague is located 16.5 km away.
just 2 km from the kremlin and red square, these air-conditioned apartments offer free wi-fi, fully equipped kitchens and washing machines. moscow’s lively tverskaya street is 100 metres away.
staff can recommend one of many restaurants in the kungsholmen district.
some have a seating area as well.
the edge of the picos de europa national park is just 5 km away.
guest house chetyre syna features free wifi and private parking.
the hotel offers a continental breakfast on the fourth floor of the property.
all apartments feature a fully equipped kitchenette, a washing machine, and a free private car park.
providing a tranquil environment, the bungalows in cabañas valle del paraiso feature kitchens, tvs, air conditioning and bbq facilities.
the black sea coast is 400 metres from the property, while national preserve of tauric chersonesos is 7 km away.
linen and towels are provided.
each has a tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer. most units open to a balcony.
wi-fi is free.
rooms include a private bathroom.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
situated just 1 km from the granitz nature reserve, haus jahreszeiten by meine rügenferien provides modern furnishings.
keomixay hotel is a 2-minute drive from laos national museum.
throughout the inn guests can admire historic accents and antique decor.
panama city can be reached in 2 hours by car.
a summer outdoor pool and bike hire are provided for free.
bursa ataturk stadium is 1.5 km from the hotel. bursa bus terminal is less 10 km away.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
giardinetti train station is 5 km from the property, while rome is a 25-minute drive away.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling.
free wi-fi is available.
each apartment has a seating area with a tv and radio.
all rooms have parquet floors and a balcony with panoramic views. they have air conditioning and come equipped with a minibar and satellite tv. the private bathrooms have a hairdryer.
the village centre is a 5-minute walk away, and cross-country ski runs are 100 metres away.
only 2 km from west edmonton mall and a short drive the attractions of edmonton city centre, this hotel offers contemporary guestrooms, relaxing facilities and an on-site restaurant.
they are also equipped with air conditioning, a satellite flat-screen tv, and private bathroom with a shower.
this self-catering accommodation is 1.3 km from renowned rocha beach.
just a short walk away, guests can also find a super market, where they can buy their daily necessities.
there is also a children’s pool.
gaudi ́s famous sagrada familia cathedral is 1.9 km from the property.
restaurants and museums are within walking distance.
hiking trails start in lúčanská malá fatra, 2 km away. fishing is possible in rajčianka river, also 2 km away. rajecká lesná ski resort is 11 km from the penzion vila milica.
courtyard livonia detroit has warm decorated rooms with luxury bedding and cable tv.
located in denver just 1.5 km from the pepsi center, super 8 midtown features an outdoor swimming pool.
the air-conditioned three-bedroom house features a patio and comes with a fully equipped kitchen and dining area.
the front desk is available 24/7.
all rooms have an en suite bathroom, satellite tv and tea and coffee facilities.
turku airport is a 30-minute drive away. moomin land theme park is a 45-minute drive from the property.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 18 km away.
each has a 27-inch flat-screen tv, mp3 docking station and a coffee maker.
free private parking is available on site.
set in the italian region of emilia-romagna, this elegant 3-star hotel is ideally situated in the wonderful town of brescello, within easy reach of bologna.
the puri beach is 100 metres, the town of konark is 36 km and the lingaraj temple is 53 km.
buffet breakfast is daily served.
the wooden furnishings give the rooms a warm, chalet-style ambiance.
an indoor and an outdoor pool, a massage and beauty parlour, a fitness room, and 3 tennis courts are also available at cordial golf & wellness hotel.
this 3-bedroom cottage is set within a private garden and offers a terrace with a barbecue and garden furniture.
located in manderfeld, auf der lehmkuhl offers a self-catered holiday home featuring an outdoor swimming pool, a terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities.
free private parking is available.
a daily breakfast is included.
the casa mia offers a homely atmosphere.
this air-conditioned apartment has free wifi and a private balcony.
it is situated 1.6 km from mouans-sartoux train station and 13 km from the city of cannes.
nyhavn is 2.1 km from cph lux apartments, while christiania is 2.6 km away.
santander airport is 25 km away.
le mas du ruisseau offers self-catering apartments and is located 1.5 km from bellegarde, in the camargue region.
free bicycles are available at reception.
the private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries.
medieval castle of paphos is 1.9 km from julian's garden apartment, while kings avenue mall is 2.1 km away.
situated next to highway 11, abild hotel is a 10-minute drive from the 17th-century schackenborg castle.
an italian breakfast of cappuccino and homemade cakes is provided daily.
each offers satellite flat-screen tv and an equipped kitchenette.
the hotel occupies the matutano-daudén palace, an 18th-century building particularly distinguished by the central staircase in the hall, which still features the original banister and over the centuries has witnessed both the original palace occupants and numerous guests. the stately character of the building can also be seen in the arches, staircase, rooms and halls.
sopot railway station is 400 metres away.
the property offers a tour desk and can arrange bicycle rental or car hire .
the st. peter and paul church and the gorky museum are just a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
marmaris city centre is 3 km from the hotel.
the rooms at the posada punta ballota are decorated with wood and come with heating and a tv. each one has a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
pension i is located in berlin. free wifi access is available.
the nearest airport is reno-tahoe international airport, 36 km from the property.
tel aviv ben-gurion airport is a one-hour drive away.
the private bathroom has a shower, washbasin and a separate toilet, as well as a hairdryer.
it offers underground parking and rooms with free wi-fi and sky channels.
located in biržai, this guesthouse boasts a large garden and offers rooms with free wi-fi, a tv set, and a refrigerator.
offering an outdoor pool and a seafront restaurant, mariposa beach suites is located right on the beach in placencia.
during summer, you can dine on svateho lukase’s terrace while children can romp around on an on-site playground.
vaclav havel prague airport is 13 km away.
this modern split-level house is located in a courtyard from 1850 in den haag city centre.
each room has a shared bathroom.
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace, a seating area and a cd player.
each room at b&b casa delle rose has an lcd tv, air conditioning and a view of the building's private garden.
its 4-star facilities include free parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a rooftop gym.
free wifi access and free private parking are available.
the hotel also offers various bars, where guests can enjoy a wide range of refreshing cocktails.
the on-site bar, the tiger, serves a selection of coffee, cocktails and snacks.
free parking and free wifi are available. the apartments are situated in different locations in the 12th district of vienna.
the entire apartment is air-conditioned and includes a full kitchen, a seating area and a cable tv.
guests can try creative, international cuisine in the burghotel’s elegant dining areas.
the guest house is 500 metres from rome's termini train and metro station.
appointed with period antiques and furniture rooms come equipped with free toiletries, hairdryers and alarm clocks.
each room is equipped with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
additional services on site include a hairdresser and a fitness coach.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool, sun terrace and garden.
the hotel’s welcome home reception features a complimentary light meal and beverages monday through thursday evenings.
situated just 2 minutes' walk from the beach, apartamentos mar de peñíscola casablanca 3000 is located in peñíscola.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing, golfing and horse riding.
both rotterdam and utrecht are a 35-minute drive from belvédère. gouda, with its famous cheese market, is just over 20 minutes away by car. de biesbosch national park can be reached in a 45-minute drive.
guests can have fun at the bowling alley.
heroes' square is 1.7 km from yellow roses apartments.
the property offers free parking.
with free wi-fi and air conditioning, classic-style rooms at le mirage have a flat-screen tv.
apartament toruńska is a self-catering accommodation near the gdańsk old town. it offers free wifi access and free private parking. the property is about 1 km from the city’s long market.
the buoi rossi offers easy access to the a26 motorway.
leelawadee boutique hotel also has an on-site restaurant that serves a delicious a la carte menu.
some units include a terrace and/or balcony.
the studio also has a kitchenette equipped with a stove, microwave, coffee machine and refrigerator.
there is a computer for guests to stay in touch with family and friends.
they include satellite tv, an electric kettle and a marble bathroom.
ehlam aparts offers car rental service.
gerlach peak is 7 km from apartmán hrebienok, while hrebienok is 900 metres from the property.
a sweet breakfast including organic produce and homemade specialties is served daily at serena villa.
as sandra appartement’s guest, you can borrow ice skating shoes at an ice rink, a 10-minute walk from the property.
some executive studio apartments have a private balcony.
you can enjoy a mountain and river view from the room.
pas aleksandra also includes a barbecue.
this motel 6 kingsland offers free wi-fi access throughout the property as well as coffee and tea in the lobby.
coco dive center is 1.2 km from mimosa, while cau temple is 1.3 km from the property.
surrounded by pine trees, mare e festa is located in solenzara and a 3-minute walk from the beach.
there is an outdoor swimming pool on site.
each modern room at bougainvillea relais will provide you with memory foam mattresses and an electric kettle.
the restaurant serves multi cuisine dishes, including indian, chinese and western choices.
set less than a 5-minute walk from the beach, t hotel is offers accommodation in rimini,
the nearest airport is samui airport, 5 km from the property.
there is also a bar and a restaurant serving local cuisine.
guests have access to a garden with a seasonal swimming pool, sunbeds, and a playground for children.
free parking is available on site.
a wide variety of western and asian delights can be prepared by the in-house chef.
the owner of the country house prepares home-cooked meals typical of the region and served in a large tavern.
it serves a variety of dishes including gourmet pizzas, satay chicken skewers, schnitzels and sandwiches.
guests at the staybridge suites fiesta can work out in the gym and relax in the hot tub.
other facilities at cantavil hoan cau include a shared lounge.
nanaimo airport is 9 km away.
the nearest airport is phuket international airport, a 30 km drive from the property.
the hostel is a former victorian courthouse that has been updated with bold and colourful interior design.
other amenities include a well-equipped kitchen, flat-screen cable tv and bathtub.
okehampton and the dartmoor national park are also within 30 minutes.
refreshing drinks are also available in the lounge bar.
all of the comfortable units at hotel casa sarah feature air conditioning, a safety deposit box, a minibar and cable tv. they include a private bathroom with a shower.
this holiday village is next to lake pankasjön and mösseberg ski centre, just 5 minutes’ drive from central falköping.
views of the sea, mountain or lake are featured in certain rooms.
safety deposit box and luggage storage are available at the 24-hour front desk.
on-site private parking is available for guests arriving by car.
the guest house also has a vending machine for snacks and hot drinks.
the kitchen features an oven, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a coffee machine.
the offa's dyke path is about 800 metres away and there are many walking paths in the local area.
there is a full kitchen with a stovetop, fridge, dishwasher, oven and kitchen utensils.
bethany inn is located in vagator. it is barely 500 metres from the vagator beach.
set 1.5 km from mapambano primary school in dar es salaam, riverview hotels apartment features a restaurant and free wifi throughout the property.
featuring a nakai-san personal attendant, delectable course dinners in a traditional kaiseki style, karaoke and soothing indoor and outdoor hot-spring baths, hosenkaku is 10 minutes from jr wakura-onsen train station on the free shuttle.
it also features a private bathroom with a shower.
ferienwohnung köhler is 1 km from oker train station, and it is a 15-minute drive to the a395 motorway.
offering a barbecue and terrace, cappuccino is situated in divnomorskoye, 9 km from gelendzhik.
the schwarzes ross is an ideal base for hiking, nordic walking, mountain biking and winter sports.
certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
the en suite bathroom has a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
it offers free private parking and an outdoor swimming pool.
barcelona is 41 km from apartamento con encanto, while lloret de mar is 26 km from the property.
featuring free wifi and a terrace with sea views, amazing villa beach breeze and kitesurf is a villa, set in kremastí.
free private parking is provided on site.
guest rooms are decorated in tuscan colors and offer free wi-fi.
it features free parking space on site and provides full kitchen facilities.
bed linen is featured.
free parking is available on site.
a 2-minute walk from jungut batu beach, j&s jungle villa has a public plunge pool and a private terrace with day beds overlooking the lush tropical gardens. free wi-fi is accessible throughout the property.
each unit features a basic kitchenette, some have a private balcony.
connaught place is 22km away.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and fishing.
all rooms feature a private terrace, air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
located in the centre of volgograd, a 5-minute walk to lenina square, stalingrad apartments offer self-catering accommodation with freewi-fi.
free private parking is provided in the premises.
vladimirov guest house also features a children's playground.
it offers an extensive, dutch breakfast and convenient accommodation with free wi-fi and a tv. bike rentals are also available.
a bar is available and wine tastings are organised in the hotel’s cellar.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
a 10-minute drive from lake michigan, residence inn waukegan provides self-contained accommodation in north chicago.
room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
lijiang railway station is a 35-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is narimanovo airport, 6 km from the property.
set only 9 km from the french border, ca la martina is set 20 minutes’ drive from figueres, where guests can visit the dalí museum.
just a 5-minute walk from the holy al masjid al nabawi, badr al madinah hotel is situated in madinah within a short distance from al jazeera centre.
they feature en suite facilities, a tv and a telephone and provide a cosy living space for your stay.
a fridge and a microwave are also at guests’ disposal.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out disco tropics lloret (700 metres) and lloret beach (1.3 km).barcelona el prat airport is located 77 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
the nearest airport is chelyabinsk airport, 17 km from apartment sverdlovskiy prospekt 78.
tradition, modern comfort and excellent service are what this family-run health and vitality hotel stand for. look forward to excellent cuisine and friendly staff, who will ensure you feel completely comfortable for the duration of your stay.
located in žaborić, right across the beach with sun loungers and parasols available for the guests, villa koala apartments offers self-catering accommodation.
at vits shalimar hotel you will find a garden and a terrace.
every room includes a flat-screen tv.
free wifi is available in the common areas.
bbq facilities are provided on the terrace.
alghero-fertilia airport is a 15-minute drive away.
marina bar & bistro offers an à la carte menu while the bishop's arms pub boasts a large selection of beers and whiskey.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi and sky channels.
the living room includes a dvd player, a radio and a tv with satellite channels.
ironing facilities are also available.
the property provides a tv, and air conditioning.
it is a 10-minute drive from hualien railway station. hualien airport is a 20-minute drive away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
at relais du leman you will find barbecue facilities and a snack bar.
izhevsk airport is 40 minutes away by car.
the nearest airport is palanga international airport, 7 km from the property.
towels and bed linen are available.
there is also a wide range of sport facilities, such as table tennis, billiards, electronic games and others.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
middlesboro neighborhood pub is 15 minutes’ walk away.
wifi and bed linen are included.
it provides free private parking.
all rooms at motel gyeongju bally are equipped with air conditioning and heating facilities. they have an en suite bathroom with bathtub and spa shower facilities. each room has a fridge and a comfortable seating area.
some open to a private terrace featuring an outdoor hot tub.
this beautifully restored historic hotel is located in the heart of providence city centre, only steps from top attractions, and features exceptional accommodations along with friendly service.
some have a balcony or a terrace with a view of the sea and free wi-fi access is available.
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchens.
the air-conditioned unit is 27 km from tiberias.
the kitchenette has a stovetop and a refrigerator.
41 on cedar is a halaal property and serves breakfast upon request.
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
the bright, classic-style apartment features a flat-screen tv with cable channels, washing machine and seating area. the bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
it is a 30-minute drive from parc astérix and from the city of senlis.
fresh produce from the villa’s farm are used to prepare the dishes.
the free shuttle service is available all year, except for june to september, and runs between béziers airport and the hotel, as well as the hotel and the sncf train station.
a free airport pickup service is provided.
opening to a furnished balcony, the cycladic suites and rooms come with a satellite, flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
private parking is available on site.
coffee facilities, a work desk and air conditioning are included.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
free wi-fi is also included.
snacks are available from the bar throughout the day.
located in an elegant and quiet area of the city centre near the duomo, antica residenza del gallo provides a magical atmosphere for your next tuscan holiday.
offering a shared outdoor pool, a garden, a private terrace and free wi-fi, apartamentos bella altamar apartment is located in alcossebre. playa del moro beach is 600 metres away.
free wi-fi and private parking are available.
the accommodation comes with a tv with satellite channels.
wi-fi internet and parking are both free.
ben siesta provides excellent facilities and affordable luxury in serene surroundings, plus the comfort of home.
every room includes a flat-screen tv.
montjuic’s magic fountain and the mnac art museum are a short walk away.
breakfast can also be brought to your room on request.
offering free wifi, urbanliving jarreria is located in granada. the property is a 10-minute walk from the alhambra and 800 metres from granada cathedral.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
a washing machine and tumble dryer are also included.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the hotel’s gym is fitted with state-of-the-art fitness equipment.
most come with a tv.
modern rooms with tiled flooring and air conditioning feature a flat-screen cable tv, minibar and en suite bathroom with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
room service is available 24 hours a day.
the apartment has a living room with a sofa bed, flat-screen tv and dining table.
bayahibe one of the most important beaches of the region is a 15-minute drive, punta cana is a 1-hour drive, and santo domingo can be reached in a 90-minute drive.
guarulhos international airport is 40 km from blue tree premium verbo divino.
guests will find an on-site restaurant serving all-day thai and international cuisines.
kunsthistorisches museum and naturhistorisches museum are 1.7 km from central apartment - cityapartments.
the hotel is 3.5 km from the glen club and 3.5 km from kohl children's museum.
burgas airport is located 32 km away.
for more dining options, there are several korean and asian restaurants within a 10-minute drive away.
offering tastefully furnished apartments with over-sized windows, the stylish youtei tracks is conveniently situated a 10-minute drive from jr kutchan station.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a bath and come with free toiletries.
light meals, tapas and cakes are available from the cafeteria.
provided with free wi-fi access, it is 2 km from strasbourg train station and 9 km from the airport.
free parking is provided at the hotel.
counter culture restaurant offers a breakfast and brunch menu served daily.
free wifi access is available.
all apartments of the häus’l am ruan provide a bathroom, a kitchen with all amenities, such as a dishwasher, and a bedroom.
towels and bed linen are featured in this country house.
free wifi is available throughout.
the air-conditioned studios at the ocean view are spacious, fitted with tiled floors and charming iron beds.
you can enjoy lake view from the room.
free parking is available on-site.
tea/coffee making facilities are provided.
guests can enjoy hiking in šmarna gora mountain, 200 metres away and canoeing on the river sava.
a selection of theatres are within easy walking distance from victoria one, and vincent square is just a few minutes’ walk away.
at tiramisu you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
all cabins come with a view of the city and rhine.
birdland b&b offers luxurious and antique-style interiors in a villa surrounded by a 6 hectares garden.
all rooms come with a refrigerator.
close to the airport, africa regent offers guests privacy and utter relaxation not far from all major attractions.
the homestay also offers bike hire.
edinburgh castle is 300 metres from castle wynd apartment, while edinburgh festival theatre is 700 metres from the property.
each room is equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom.
a free shuttle is available to/from lampedusa airport, 3 km away.
sinisen tien helmi’s guests can make use of a well-equipped kitchen and an outdoor bbq area.
the nearest airport is rijeka airport, 25 km from apartment isidora.
guests have access to a shared lounge with an equipped kitchenette.
all rooms at the pension hühn include an en suite bathroom and a seating area with flat-screen satellite tv.
featuring bbq facilities and free bike rentals, la spiaggetta offers bright apartments in sant'antioco.
a supermarket can be found 2 km away.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 80 km from the property.
guests are also welcome to relax on a sun terrace.
the accommodation units of the szerval horse riding holidays come with a bathroom with shower and toilet, and with garden views.
extras include bed linen and a fan.
you can play table tennis at the guest house.
bathrooms comprise a shower, a bidet, bathrobes and free toiletries.
the shenjia xiaochu restaurant serves a variety of chinese dishes.
an ipod docking station, a dvd player and an in-room safe are also included in each room.
located just 400 metres from the beach, the dream country residence apartment opens out onto a furnished balcony with views of the mediterranean sea.
all rooms have a bathroom with a shower, toiletries and a hairdryer.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
free wifi access is available.
offering sweeping views of the valley and mount kanchenjunga, hotel broadway (annexe) is a 10-minute walk to the city centre.
there you can visit the unesco-protected euphrasian basilica.
each room comes with a private bathroom and is equipped with a minibar, air conditioning and a tv.
there is a garden area with deck chairs, barbecue facilities and a playground for children.
the rooms at hôtel restaurant napoleon include a flat-screen tv and private bathrooms with free toiletries.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with household appliances and kitchenware.
private and shared bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
extras include cable channels.
within less than a 5-minute walk, you can find a variety of restaurants, shops and supermarkets.
the strbske pleso ski resort is 10 km from the property and the liptovská mara reservoir is 25 km away.
a shuttle service is provided on request.
several flea markets are in the direct surroundings of the bed and breakfast.
guests can also enjoy a rejuvenating body treatment at corniche hotel's wellness centre.
breakfast can be served in the guest rooms or on the outdoor terrace.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
a barbecue facility and 24-hour room service are also supplied.
the bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
free wifi access is available.
kandy town and peradeniya are 2 km away, while colombo city and bandaranaike international airport are approximately a 3-hour drive away.
the apartment is 2.1 km from monument to victims of political repression.
the four bedroom apartment comes with a kitchen, a living/dining area and two bathrooms.
it offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning and a furnished terrace with sea views.
parking is available for an additional cost, and the airport is a 20-minute drive away.
paphos city is 11 km from corall bay village block b flat 10, while platres is 45 km from the property.
air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe and carpeted floors.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with arranging dive tours to anilao batangas.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ferry docks (2.3 km) and speedboat harbour (2.5 km).
featuring free wifi and a fitness centre, microtel inn & suites by wyndham brush offers accommodation in brush.
torres del paine are a 2-hour drive away and the city centre of punta arenas is a 3-hour drive away.
you can walk to linyi railway station in 3 minutes.
the weirs drive-in theatre is less than 1 mile from the motel.
each room is air conditioned and features a balcony and tv.
other entertainment places are within 10 km. from the property.
guests who drive can enjoy free parking space.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with bath robes and free toiletries provided.
saint-émilion is 40 km from les chardons, while périgueux is 50 km away.
the gaia hotel features accommodation with classic design and free wi-fi.
laundry and dry cleaning services are available upon request.
su-mis guest house has a cafe serving local cuisine.
hotel dar mounir offers both a restaurant and café serving traditional moroccan dishes.
the family-run avenida tropical is eco-friendly, using solar energy.
featuring hot-water showers, the attached bathrooms also come with free toiletries and bath towels.
the nearest airport from hai xing sha service apartment is bao'an airport, 50 km away.
guests can use the ski storage room.
guests of the baltic can also enjoy bowling, billiards and cycling.
the mantri mall is 150 metres away while the mantri mall bus station is 200 metres away.
the restaurant serves à-la-carte specialties for all 3 meals.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
they hold up to 6 people.
all units have a balcony, some with views to the garden.
in the morning, a continental breakfast is served, including breads, pastries, jam and beverages.
the přelouč train station is just 1.4 km away.
the bahnstraße underground station is next to the hotel, and the city centre is 8 km away.
penzion beny has a large garden with a swing, gazebo and barbecue facilities.
some rooms have cable tv and feature colonial-style dark wood furniture.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
the property offers free parking.
complete with a fridge, the dining area also has a coffee machine.
the boutique place is located within bangkok's pratunam market, surrounded by fast food outlets and local street stalls.
set in a quiet location in lamm, landhaus legenstein is 12 km away from the centre of sankt andrä and from lake sankt andrä, offering free wifi and apartments with a well-equipped kitchenette.
set 400 metres from st. stephen's basilica in the centre of budapest, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi.
this villa offers tropical décor, air conditioning, safety box, cable tv, fridge and a balcony with garden views. the bathroom includes free toiletries.
the en suite bathroom offers hot/cold shower facilities and toiletries.
free parking is available at studia on pobedi 64.
there are business meeting facilities offering photocopying and fax services, as well as everything needed for a productive meeting.
the a7 motorway is just 3.5 km away.
the hotel enjoys a superb position central to torquay’s tourist attractions and, with its ample and secure off-road car park, provides an ideal base from which to tour the surrounding countryside.
extras include a desk and hairdryer.
bayview apartments offers superb water views, an outdoor solar heated pool, barbecue facilities and a garden.
each sauna has a relaxation room with an open fireplace.
the hotel provides a daily simple american breakfast compromising of coffee, toast, salads and fruits.
a flat-screen cable tv, ipod docking station and minibar are included.
the bathroom comes with a hairdryer, and towels and bed linen are featured.
set 5 minutes’ drive from calella and llafranc beaches in the costa brava, hostal plaja is located in palafrugell.
guests can take advantage of a fitness centre and a business centre. free parking is provided.
it offers self-catering accommodation with classic décor.
the shocarjen overlooks the river ericht, and offers homely rooms with tea/coffee making facilities, tvs and video players.
for guests that feel like visiting the surroundings, hampstead heath is 2.7 miles away and alexandra palace is 9 minutes' drive away. zsl london zoo is 14 minutes' drive away and o2 academy islington is 3.6 miles away.
on request, breakfast is available every morning.
local indonesian dishes, as well as western food, can be enjoyed at the hotel's restaurant.
the apartments include a kitchenette with dishwasher, living and dining area.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
guests can use the property’s tennis courts free of charge.
during their stay, guests can enjoy a breakfast buffet including oatmeal, coffee, and juice.
featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a bidet.
it offers spacious, self-catering accommodation with private balcony and free wi-fi.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
during the summer, lunch and dinner can also be served on the sea-views terrace.
some offer cretan sea views.
rooms here are all fitted with a private bathroom with free toiletries, a flat-screen with cable channels and a city view.
the sanctuary lounge offers refreshing cocktails and various dishes in a buffet or à la carte style.
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
taksim metro station is within 2 minutes’ walk, providing easy access to other sites of the city.
it offers free-use lobby computers and a printer.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured, as well as a dvd player.
the beaches of marotta are 9 km from the property.
the property offers medical consults and a wide range of treatments.
a cable tv and a mini-fridge are provided in each room at kingsbridge inn.
loukas and emma houses is a complex of spacious apartments, each with a fully equipped kitchen, that open to a balcony or patio.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
central apartment - cityapartments also includes a terrace.
shymbulak is 27 km from da hostel almaty, the ascension cathedral is 2.2 km from da hostel almaty, while almaty central park is 1,2 km away.
the apartment features a seating area, a kitchen with microwave, and a bathroom with bath tub and free toiletries.
hotel pho sein is just a 5-minute ride from kandowgyi lake in yangon.
they have a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
minigolf can also be played for a surcharge.
located in maspalomas, notre appartement offers a shared outdoor pool and a private furnished terrace.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a ticket service.
situated only 200 metres from the studio 5 convention center in manaus, holiday inn manaus offers modern rooms with free wi-fi.
hotel situated in a 14th century mansion in the historic old town of úbeda, a world heritage city.
all alpine-style rooms come with a private balcony.
a buffet breakfast including bread, juices, tea, coffee, milk, regional jams and eggs is served daily.
the hotel is 1.6 km from the orsay museum and 1.7 km from place de la concorde.
irkutsk international airport is a 45-minute drive away.
the chur train station can be reached within a 8-minute walk.
rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
offering a restaurant that serves indian and chinese delights, tranquillity beach resort is located just opposite the mālgund beach. the popular ganpatipule temple is 4 km from the property.
the guest house can arrange horseback riding - guests can be picked up on site.
set in the historical centre of vallecorsa, b&b valle degli ulivi vallecorsa offers rustic-style rooms with wood-beamed ceilings and free wifi.
lotus inn westlake houses a 24-hour front desk and provides luggage storage.
basak otel is just a 12-minute walk from the mevlana museum and tomb.
free wi-fi is provided throughout the property.
the property offers free parking.
rooms feature a stylish design, with cool tiled floors and unique furnishings.
chic apartment accommodation with city views is offered in quito, 200 metres from the train station.
lots of water sports facilities are available on the beach.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out arena riga (4,1 km) and riga central market (4,3 km).riga international airport is located 13,7 km away.
the veranda bar serves a variety of coffees, ice creams and cocktails.
they offer free wifi, modern décor and 2 balconies with views of a nearby lake.
novorossiysk is 25 km from mozhzhevelovy ray.
zinciriye hotel is located in a centuries-old stone building just 25 metres from mardin’s historic handicraft bazaar.
parking onsite is available should you wish to arrive by car.
a refrigerator and coffee machine are also featured.
rooms have a zen décor with sliding paper screens, floor cushions, and japanese futon bedding on a tatami (woven-straw) floor.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi throughout.
in-room dining is possible.
rhinelander/oneida county airport is 30 minutes’ drive away. the lake of the torches casino is can be reached in 40 minutes’ drive.
fresh seafood, thai and international dishes are served at paradise restaurant, which offers views of haad salad beach.
offering a sauna and a garden with bbq facilities, daryino guest house is located in moscow, 4 km from mkad. free wifi access and private parking are available.
fresh bread rolls can be delivered on request at the gasslihof.
private parking is available near the towns apartments.
guests can head to the 24-hour front desk for assistance with airport shuttle, bicycle rental, laundry and ironing services.
this hotel is located in the centre of paris, 2 minutes from place de la république and its metro station, which offers 5 metro lines and 4 bus lines.
at hotel starlight inn you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the apartment features free wifi and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
hong hua fang chinese restaurant serves authentic sichuan and cantonese cuisines.
rosedale holiday home is 1 km from the shops and restaurants of toronto's fashionable yorkville district.
casa aire palermo is a 20-minute drive from jorge newbery domestic airport.
guests can benefit from a continental breakfast with croissants, jams and seasonal fruits.
restaurants, shops, a mini-golf course, the zernez train station and cross country ski trails are all within 300 metres.
apartments come complete with a flat-screen tv and a fully-fitted kitchen with a microwave and dishwasher.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning. private bathrooms also come with a shower.
situated on the famous ramblas, hotel serhs rivoli rambla has a beautiful interior courtyard and a terrace from where you can enjoy views over the gothic quarter while you sip an espresso.
staff at the 24-hour reception can provide information about the surrounding area, or arrange airport transfers on request.
baku train station is 2.5 km away, and baku international airport is 24 km from egoist hotel.
airport city hotel is a 2-minute walk from aerocity metro station and 16 km from new delhi railway station.
the bathroom comes with a shower and towels and linen are provided.
guests will find a selection of ingredients for a self-service breakfast.
playa del carmen maritime terminal is 5 km from mareazul by moskito.
a cross-country skiing trail can be found next to the apart tyrolis, and the nearest ski lift is 4 minutes’ walk away.
all en suite, rooms at the union hotel include a safe, flat-screen satellite tv and tiled floors.
set at a peaceful location a few steps from the banks of meuse river, the self-catering gîte la source in profondeville offers free use of bicycles to explore the countryside, as well as free wifi and a private garden with a terrace.
each has an en suite bathroom and some rooms have a view of the swimming pool and garden.
just off marylebone high street, ten manchester street is a 5-minute walk from baker street underground station.
free wifi is available throughout and free private parking is provided.
jianguomen subway station (line 1 and line 2) is a short 8-minute walk away, which provides convenient access to the top attractions, including tian’anmen square and the forbidden city.
this non-smoking property features laundry and fax/photocopying services. they include heating facilities and luggage storage space.
offering a restaurant, royal garden that serves indian and international cuisine, royal park hotel is located in chitwan. it is 150 metres from rapti river.
kuningan city and ambassador shopping malls are both a 7-minute drive from pop!
the pines inn contains individually decorated rooms, all with a private bathroom.
at changjiang jin yuan hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a mini-market.
located 2 km from the silvretta hochjoch cable car the hochjoch mountain, ferienhaus zuderell angela is located in schruns.
public parking is possible on site.
free wifi is featured .
free facilities for tea/coffee making and ironing are offered.
private parking is opposite the property, and is available at an additional cost per day.
radjen guesthouse provides guests with a terrace.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including nordic skiing, horse riding, hiking and cycling.
located in quend, camping 2 plages offers an outdoor, covered swimming pool, table tennis and a children’s playground. the baie de la somme is a 10-minute drive away.
some rooms feature a spacious lounge area with a sofa.
beautiful, spacious and elegant, this villa is located in the middle of a luxuriant garden, only ten minutes from the city centre.
wi-fi is available throughout the property.
offering a terrace and garden, bed&breakfast spalatum is a b&b located in split, just a 5-minute walk from the beach. free wifi access is available throughout.
fifth third ballpark is 6 minutes’ drive away.
you can enjoy drinks in the hotel bar and a continental breakfast is prepared every morning.
featuring a hairdryer, private bathroom also comes with a bidet and bathrobes.
this holiday home is 54 km from pangborn memorial airport.
this property is 1.8 km from the władysławowo train station.
the millennium stadium is just 20 minutes walk, and cardiff castle can be reached in 15 minutes.
doria bar offers a variety of drinks during the day.
the property can also assist with car and scooter rentals.
the rentinrent apartment features a spacious living room with a seating area and a coffee table.
the m7 motorway is easily accessible from the guesthouse, just a few minutes away by car.
horizon stage performing arts center is 10 minutes’ drive away. west edmonton core is less than 40 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
a concierge service is available at the suite agata monti colosseo.
fitted with free wifi contemporary wooden furniture, each room has a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom complete with a shower and hairdryer.
guests can also visit the mountain village of anogia within 27 km.
every morning, guests can enjoy breakfast at one of the many restaurants within walking distance of waterfront village.
with elegant décor, the spacious accommodations provide guests with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, satellite channels, a dvd player and a living room.
it offers stylish, air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi and flat-screen satellite tv.
central blowing rock is less than 10 miles away.
apartment on minusinskaya is an apartment situated in kaliningrad, 3 km from church of the holy family. the property features views of the city and is 3.8 km from königsberg cathedral.
other dining options include coffee at starbucks and freshly baked pastries at au bon pain bakery.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding.
the stylish hotel offers boutique-style accommodation and houses 4 dining options.
this hotel is located in hamburg’s lively st. pauli district, 100 metres from the feldstraße underground station.
bbq facilities can also be found on site, and guests can rent bicycles at the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a fridge is also provided in the room.
the property is 170 metres from cardeal arcoverde metro station and 2.4 km from botafogo beach.
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms.
guests can have the beautiful natural views on the terrace close to the river, or enjoy a relaxing spa treatment after a busy day.
panorama chalet is 5 minutes’ walk from dinner plain’s restaurants and bars.
massages can be arranged on request.
rooms may be located in the main building or to the rear of the main building around the courtyard area, and have neutral décor and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
apartments hollaj is set in a peaceful part of ulcinj, only 200 metres from small beach and pine forest.
a well-equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath are provided.
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a private beach area, merril's beach resorts 2 is located 700 metres from coco la palm beach and 3 km from coral beach.
antalya is 47 km from villa laurus, while belek is 16 km away.
the aquamarina apartment is spacious and comes with a comfortable living room and a fully equipped kitchenette with a separate dining area.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
relax in the hotel’s spa with finnish sauna, bio sauna, infrared cabin and hot tubs.
offering panoramic views of the dolomites, wellnesshotel engel is in nova levante.
the hostellerie blanche de castille is a boutique hotel with a stone façade, located in the heart of the medieval town of dourdan.
the family-run hostal remoña is part of a working farm, and offers home-produced meat and vegetables in its restaurant.
restaurants, bars and cafes are within walking distance and the old town, with numerous clubs, is less than 1 km away.
offering free wifi and a terrace, apartment wesseling berzdorf is situated in wesseling.
each cosy room is fitted with a tv and minibar.
the house is set in delightful gardens in a quiet conservation area on the southern slopes of bath.
volksoper vienna can be reached within 600 metres, whereas the vienna city hall is situated 2.2 km from the property.
situated on prince turki highway, mövenpick hotel al khobar is less than 2 km away from al khobar corniche, and just 500 metres from giant stores shopping area.
the nearest airport is mandalay international airport, 32 km from diamonds inn.
guests are provided room service and in-room spa services are available for an extra fee.
set in badung, this air-conditioned villa is located 10 km from kuta.
hampton by hilton saltillo zona aeropuerto is surrounded by a green garden, where guests can prepare meals using the barbecue facilities provided.
zvartnots international airport is 88 km away.
the hotel is the ideal starting point for exploring the coast of goëlo, the pink granite coast and the isle of brehat.
villa emilia is 10 km from the beach and a 25-minute drive from noto.
le clos du père finet includes free wi-fi, a bar and a spacious garden with a terrace and a barbecue.
karlstad’s largest shopping centre, mitt i city, is less than a 5-minute walk from freden hotell.
they all have a view of the garden.
dolmabahçe palace is 600 metres from city apart.
the air-conditioned units at hotel ilayda avantgarde feature a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a safety deposit box.
la flambée restaurant offers a traditional provencal cooking and features a terrace overlooking the luberon.
at holiday home birknæsgård you will find a whirlpool, sauna and terrace with a barbeque and garden furniture.
the apartment features a living area, a washing machine, a bedroom with a wardrobe and a bathroom.
free private parking is possible on site.
reception is open 24-hours a day at the brenta hotel.
located 300 metres from foluskie lake in żnin, agroturystyka rozalinowo is surrounded by forest and offers a buffet restaurant and free bikes, and horseriding.
each room warmly decorated and includes a work desk.
the alpe-adria bicycle trail is right outside, and a bicycle shelter is available on site.
located in murmansk, this apartment features a balcony with city views.
a breakfast buffet is served here every morning.
this family-run hotel features a typical restaurant and a bar.
the chef prepares moroccan cuisine using only local produce, and you can enjoy a traditional mint tea after dinner.
a short distance from the royal highgrove estate, tetbury exudes cotswolds charm and features plenty of fine restaurants, antique emporia and prince charles’ very own highgrove shop on long street.
there are 2 double rooms and 1 room with a sofa bed.
a continental breakfast is prepared every morning at this hotel, and there are vending machines at reception.
rodon café serves international cuisine, while awarded chefs prepare greek recipes at the amphitheater music restaurant.
the central bus station is within a 5-minute walk away.
harborwalk village, which has shopping and dining venues, is 4.1 km away from the property.
the en suite bathroom is fitted with a spa bath.
soothing massages await at bifern homestay after a day of activity.
free wi-fi access is provided in the entire hotel.
offering a garden and barbecue, asklipion valley guest house is set 4.5 km from kos town.
barra beach is 3.6 km from hostel villa da paciência, while arena fonte nova is 3.6 km from the property. the nearest airport is luis eduardo magalhães airport, 20 km from villa da paciência.
each offers a spacious living room with a flat-screen tv, while the kitchen includes an oven, a stove and a fridge.
accommodation will provide guests with a seating area and satellite tv. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
towels and bed linen are available.
the rooms have a classic décor and come with a tv and an en suite bathroom featuring a shower.
due to its convenient location, the hotel is within walking distance from several additional dining options, bars and theatres.
the popular boscombe shopping centre and the famous opera house music venue, now the o2 academy, are within a 5-minute walk.
laredo and its beaches can be reached in just 35 minutes by car, while collados del asón park is 13 km away.
wifi access is free in public areas.
visitors can also discover the moselle river which is 15 km away.
a variety of activities, including golf and hiking are offered in the surrounding area.
boasting unique accommodation just 1 km from hua hin beach, hua hin in boxes offers an outdoor pool and free wifi access.
each has a private bathroom with a bath or shower or both.
featuring a balcony and parquet floors, each room comes with a tv.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
guests can ask for coffee service at the front desk, and they can find a variety of restaurants at the town centre.
a full-service bar features cocktails, beer, and wine near the pool. a snack bar offers pre-packaged snacks for purchase.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
located in yekaterinburg, a 2-minute walk from chkalovskaya metro station, abbeville apartment shchorsa 103 - 1 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
an on-site garden offers a quiet place to relax.
the bathroom is stocked with slippers and free toiletries, along with a walk-in shower.
a continental breakfast is available for an extra charge and includes pastries, pancakes, fruit, meat, cheese and omelettes.
the adult-only house features a fully equipped kitchen, living room with tv, dining room and 2 bedrooms. there are 2 bathrooms, and one has a shower spa.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning, a terrace and a seating area.
devonvale golf & wine estate is within 4 km.
blueway hotel residence offers accommodation in istanbul.
featuring restored beds and antique furniture, the four bedrooms can accommodate nine persons.
public parking is available nearby at an extra cost.
the hostel is a 5-minute drive from tianmen mountain and a 40-minute drive from zhangjiajie national park.
sagar residency house meeting/banquet facilities and a tour desk.
francis of assisi is a 7-minute drive away. perugia is 22 km from the property.
extras include a seating area and a cd player.
all rooms are smoke free.
mountain amstra luxury apartments is self-catering accommodation offering a beautiful view to tatra mountains.
the guest house is less than a mile from blackpool tower and blackpool pleasure beach.
duitama city centre is 17 km away and bogotá international airport is about 3 hours’ drive away.
the restaurant offers typical val d'aosta dishes at lunch and dinner.
the property offers free parking.
located in galati, 1.5 km from the danube esplanade and the botanical garden, geo apartament offers self-catered accommodation with free wifi and cable tv.
during summer months, the hotel terrace is a great place to unwind with coffee and cakes.
surrounded by greenery, each air-conditioned and fan room offers simple furnishings and a tv.
the homestay also offers car hire.
sevillano links golf course is an 8-minute drive from the corning super 8. woodson bridge state recreation area is a 15-minute drive away.
the in-house restaurant is located in the manor building and serves swedish cuisine made from fresh local and seasonal ingredients. meals are accompanied with wines from the manor’s wine cellar.
featuring a common kitchen and offering a 24-hour reception, this hostel is 400 metres away from the budapest's m2 blaha lujza square metro station. free bed linen, free wi-fi and a common computer are provided.
the flörl haus also features a private wine cellar.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing and horse riding.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a dvd player.
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings, include table tennis.
free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
the accommodation is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
free wi-fi is available in the entire property.
situated 400 metres from the thermal bath and the closest groceries in harkány, balniki vendégház is a self-serviced guest house with en suite rooms and a well-equipped common kitchen.
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport, 34 km from the property.
the pretty coastal town of sitges is 35 minutes’ drive away, and you can drive to central barcelona in around 45 minutes.
the owner’s tavern serves breakfast, lunch and dinner 1 km from the property.
ideally located between dieppe and fécamp, in the village of veulettes sur mer, the hotel des bains is an ideal choice for a stay on the côte d’albâtre.
located 1.4 km from sochi discovery world aquarium, on gertsena apartment offers accommodation in adler.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out post 8 - ipanema (1.2 km) and army historic museum and fort of copacabana (1.4 km).
a breakfast buffet is served in the spacious dining area.
airport transfer and shuttle service are available at a fee.
spa facilities include a sauna and a steam bath.
guests can dine at one of 3 three restaurants at metropole hotel kampala or enjoy a drink at the bar.
made of local stone and wood, the 19th-century katsaneiko is centrally located in afytos of chalkidiki and features a private pool surrounded by a furnished sun terrace.
the alpine-style guest house features a large garden with a terrace and a barbecue area. the self-catering apartments come with a balcony and cable tv.
the restaurant serves sunday lunches, hearty cooked breakfasts and seasonal specials.
a grocery shop and a cafe bar are just steps away, while a restaurant is 50 metres from the property.
parador villafranca del bierzo is less than 1 km from the centre of villafranca del bierzo, south of the ancares mountains.
mobark al hijra hotel is located in a vibrant neighborhood with a variety of grocery stores, clothing and souvenir shops, international banks, atm machines, currency exchange and various restaurants offering local and continental cuisines.
bed and bath linen is provided.
the hotel is 500 metres from thamel market, 3 km from swayambhunath and 6 km from pashupatinath temple.
breakfast is available on sundays.
guests can enjoy continental breakfast, as well as recharge their batteries with a 4-course dinner later on.
each house at es brucs has a living-dining area with a tv; and a kitchen equipped with an oven, hobs and kitchenware. it has direct access to an outdoor covered dining area: its shaded seating area provides a pleasant setting area for al fresco dining.
hostal pensimar has a breakfast room and a bar.
all units feature a seating and dining area.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
offering spacious rooms and apartments with free internet, a modern sauna, and a rich breakfast buffet, this hotel in mönchengladbach is 700 metres from the historic münsterchurch.
quick silver ranch with miniature horses is within driving distance of the wine valley inn. red rock offers swimming and rock diving, just a short drive from the inn.
zadar airport can be reached within 12 km.
a rich breakfast buffet and mediterranean evening dishes are served in the uhrwerk restaurant.
the property is located a 15-minute walk from patio bellavista, where guests will find an array of restaurants. santa lucía hill is also a 15-minute walk away.
it operates a 24-hour front desk and offers complimentary wifi access.
rooms here all come with a balcony and a terrace. fitted with tile flooring, each room will provide a cable tv, heating, a sofa and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
pousada resort 7 belo is 3 km from moda shopping mall and the famous feira das malhas market.
towels and bed linen are available.
bed linen is provided and guests also have access to shared bathrooms and ironing facilities.
set 2.6 km from fisht olympic stadium in verkhneimeretinskaya bukhta, this apartment features free wifi.
other facilities include a sun terrace.
other facilities available include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
xiamen conference & exhibition centre is 17 km from xiamen blue sky apartment, while dongdu wharf is 21 km away. the nearest airport is gaoqi airport, 14 km from xiamen blue sky apartment.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the hotel’s library offers a wide selection and the front desk is open 24-hours a day.
on the hill above, just 100 metres away, there is a small chapel and a panorama café.
at hostel baldomero guests can relax in the lounge area and prepare their own meals in the shared kitchen. other services offered include 24-hour front desk, a tour desk, laundry and ironing service.
after-meal cocktails can be enjoyed at the bar.
a breakfast buffet is available each morning.
a microwave, small fridge, and coffee-making facilities are provided.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
you can enjoy mountain view and garden view from all the rooms.
athena hotel boasts a host of modern facilities as well as conference facilities.
it is possible to order meals at an extra cost and there are also packed lunches available.
gefinor rotana is also a short 5-minute walk from the vibrant hamra street where you can find a wide choice of restaurants, pubs, bars and shops.
studencheskaya metro station is within 7 minutes’ walk.
the hotel apollon is located between the centre of valtice and the valtice mesto train station.
the apartments are centrally located, only 500 metres from tallinn’s old town.
the ski storage room can be used by guests for free, the sauna in the house is available for a surcharge.
gresham's school is less than 5 minutes' walk from the bed and breakfast.
room service is available.
shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms.
guests have access to free wi-fi, as well as a free sauna and gym.
the non-smoking bodensee-hotel sonnenhof has elegant rooms and suites with wooden floors, cable tv and a minibar.
šibenik is 13 km from the property.
free parking is also provided.
schiphol airport is 11 km away.
the ski lift connecting canillo to grandvalira ski resort is just 800 metres away.
equipped with a flat-screen tv and a minibar, it offers large bathrooms with a rain shower and a bathtub.
the terrace also offers a spectacular view over the church of st.giovanni battista, one of the architectonic treasures of the city.
free public parking is available in front of otakar hotel.
felsentherme spa is 1.7 km from chalet apfel by alpen apartments, while stubnerkogelbahn 1 is 1.8 km away.
during pleasant weather the food can be taken on the veranda, overlooking the children's playground.
it features free parking.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hotel ibis budget montpellier centre millenaire - is set in montpellier, 2 km from zenith sud montpellier and 4 km from montpellier city centre.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the bar and lounge are available with entertainment and happy hour.
the novotel nürnberg’s restaurant offers franconian and international cuisine.
agroturystyczny dom wypoczynkowy tatry offers great views and a tranquil tatra mountain location in murzasichle, around 10 kilometres from zakopane.
you can play billiards at the hotel.
featuring free wifi, hostel on leningradskaya offers accommodation in khabarovsk.
there is a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the rooms at dalauro bed & breakfast have a seating area with flat-screen cable tv and tea and coffee making facilities.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
sintra train station is 700 metres away and an airport shuttle to lisbon (30 km) is available upon request.
hotel vila joya is located next to praia de galé beach and is less than 40 km away from faro airport.
ataturk airport is 18 km from baklava hotel.
room service options are also available.
well placed for peterborough and stamford, this hotel has free wi-fi and free parking.
at camping manon you will find bbq facilities.
grand hotel bonanno is located in a quiet area of pisa, 10 minutes' walk from the leaning tower.
it also comprises air conditioning, a flat-screen cable tv and a complete bathroom.
the city of perth is just 30 minutes’ drive away.
barbecue facilities and a terrace are in the garden.
ben gurion airport is 14 km away.
bars, grocers and restaurants can be found within a walking distance.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out pomeranian dukes' castle 1.5 km away.
with views of the village and the forest, the rooms feature seating areas and en-suite bathrooms with hairdryers and free toiletries. the beds come with duck down pillows, quilts, and cotton sheets.
hotel samnium is 10 km from campobasso, while the ski resort of campitello matese is a 40-minute drive away.
a variety of restaurants, grocery shops, cafeterias and bars are available.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, cycling and hiking.
conveniently situated a 3-minute walk away from dobustuenmae station, and a 5-minutes' walk to jr shin-imamiya station, hotel sunplaza 2 offers free wifi throughout the entire property.
charles m schulz museum is 30 minutes’ drive away from russian river studios.
babana hotel offers contemporary accommodation overlooking the aegean sea in golturkbuku.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub and a bidet.
drinks and snacks are served by the pool.
electric kettle, fridge and dining area are provided in all the business & travel apartments. each of them features contemporary furnishings and a modern design.
free wi-fi and free parking are provided.
the hotel also offers car hire.
there is a 24-hour front desk. the property offers free parking.
the closest restaurant is 350 metres from the property and a 6-minute walk will take you to the closest supermarket.
at selected rentals - igeldo you will find a garden and a terrace. the property offers free parking.
lake vrana nature park is only a few metres away.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv and a kettle. rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
free public parking is available.
a living room comes also with a dining area.
rooms enjoy rustic décor and the same lovely views.
spice bazaar is 2.7 km from artemis apartment, while galata tower is 3.2 km from the property.
hostel svoboda 9 is located in yaroslavl city centre, 1.2 km from embankment.
guests can prepare meals in the friends hostel’s cheerful kitchen.
holiday home lyngvej fanø v is located in fanø vesterhavsbad.
the property's on-site restaurant serves western and thai dishes.
featuring a balcony with views of the garden, the air-conditioned rooms have a private bathroom. they are equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, minibar and desk.
patra is 12 km away and araksos airport is 10 km away from the property.
free wifi is featured in public areas and free private parking is available on site.
the seating area has a fireplace, sofas and flat-screen tv.
you can find banks, restaurants and supermarkets within a 5-minute drive.
a seating area with a cable tv, a kitchen with a dishwasher and a washing machine and tumble dryer are offered at renata at the brandies by execustay omaha.
the rooms are air-conditioned room and feature a tv and a fridge.
offering a restaurant, hotel pegas is located in makhachkala, 200 metres from the caspian sea.
the stylish private bathrooms come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
a continental breakfast is available on request, and can be enjoyed at the cafe in front of the property.
free wi-fi access is available.
the guesthouse offers free wi-fi.
a bathroom with a shower is standard in all units.
fitted with hardwood flooring, fan-cooled rooms include a wardrobe, clothes rack, a desk, minibar and a tv with cable channels.
the cosy pension zum heurigen is just a short walk from the echterdingen s-bahn (city rail) stop and town centre with its varied shopping opportunities.
the accommodation is equipped with a cable flat-screen tv. some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
coco ciel restaurant offers a breakfast buffet with local ingredients. a buffet is served for lunch as well.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a terrace.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
refurbished in 2015, nhat ha 1 hotel offers rooms with free wifi and cable tv in the bustling ho chi minh city. it features a restaurant, bar, work stations with internet access and free parking.
guests can choose to enjoy it in their room.
admiralty building is 1.1 km from hostel petya and the wolf - v.o., while hermitage museum is 1.3 km away.
free private parking is also available at this apartment.
some of the apartments also have wonderful views of the surrounding countryside.
on-site parking is free, and 200 metres away is a bus stop with links to the city centre.
shared bathroom facilities are located in the hallway.
rustaveli theatre is 1.3 km from apartment in old tbilisi, while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 1.5 km away.
the nearest grocery store is 500 meters away, while a restaurant can be reached in 50 metres.
marbella is a 15-minute drive from sea flower miraflores golf and beach.
the restaurant serves international cuisine and is open daily until late.
if you enjoy shopping, portal de l’angel and passeig de gracia streets are 10 minutes away on foot.
london heathrow airport can be reached in just over one hour by public transport.
it features a flat-screen cable tv and a kitchen with a stove and a fridge.
the 2 children also get a free full breakfast when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast.
around-the-clock front desk service is available and the staff assists with car rentals.
apartamentos santa rosa de cabal is 8 km from santa rosa hot springs and 12 km from ecohotel san vicente hot springs.
the beaubourg area of paris is a 15-minute walk away down the animated rue montorgueil.
colonial court holiday apartments offers beachfront accommodation in the heart of airlie beach.
maisky hotel is located in adler, a 5-minute walk from black sea beach.
the turnersee golf course is 3 km away.
the nearest airport is mariscal sucre airport, 20 km from the property.
situated in the town of liptovský ján and the thermal paradise liptovsky jan reachable within 1 km, privat mária offers a self-catered accommodation, a garden with barbecue facilities and a terrace.
every room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
apartment sumpfbodeli lenk is a 4-room self-catering accommodation located in lenk. the property is 700 m from bühlberg - hahnenmoos and 1.2 km from metschstand.
the national exhibition centre belexpo is set 1.5 km from apartment abv starovilenskin tract 69, while the holy spirit cathedral can be reached within 2.8 km.
guests may rent a bicycle or car to explore the area, while the tour desk can assist with sightseeing and travel arrangements.
breakfast and lunch are served the second deck of yuzer hotel sude boran.
there is free private parking.
packed lunches and special menus are available.
featuring a balcony with hammocks, tv and minibar, all rooms at santa barbara are equipped with central heating and fireplace.
silk valley spa resort is located in taipei.
you can enjoy sea view from the room.
chambre d'hôtes les bienvenus features free wifi throughout the property.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free wi-fi, a fitness centre and a 24-hour reception are featured at severnaya hotel.
half board is available on request.
at elizabeth house you will find barbecue facilities.
at bahia beach resort & golf club you will find a restaurant, a private beach area and a tennis court. other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a kids' club and shops (on site).
the inn america is just 3.5 miles from the boise convention centre in the downtown area.
the nearest airport is lviv international airport, 7 km from apartment pekarska 46.
at apartment jelenović d. you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
the hotel is 4 km from benidorm and there is easy road access to terra mítica and terra natura theme parks.
an extensive menu of beauty and spa treatments is available at brilliant resort chongqing.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can provide information about the area.
a dining area is also provided.
the spa has a turkish bath and offers several beauty treatments.
hotel parque zabal is located 100 metres from fusagasuga town centre.
the on-site restaurant offers dishes made with organic products on the shaded terrace.
a cycling trail to šumná starts 200 metres away.
ski storage and a safety deposit box are also available.
guests benefit from a terrace.
a private bathroom and a hairdryer are also included.
daily maid service is provided here.
it features free wi-fi and a furnished terrace with swimming pool.
naples city centre can be reached in a 30-minute drive, while sorrento is 35 km away.
located in the kaohsiung municipality region, lion king hotel offers cosy accommodation.
hôtel christiania is situated in val d’isère in the rhône-alps region.
a tv is provided.
each room comes with a cable tv and private en suite bathroom with amenities.
pula, with its well-known roman amphitheatre is 38 km from mare e monti ii apartments.
madeira international airport is 17 km away.
hotel sofyan betawi is in central jakarta, within walking distance to cut mutiah mosque.
several restaurants, cafés and shopping possibilities are in the immediate vicinity of casa romana.
shanghai pudong international airport can be reached in 40 minutes by car.
each has a tv and a private bathroom with shower.
situated in the heart of al shemal, aram house hotel apartments is an ideal spot from which to discover riyadh.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the hotel has a mini canteen serving indonesian food.
a rich breakfast with yogurt, coffee, tea, and cold cuts and vegetables from the property-s organic orchard is served daily.
it is well situated for outdoor activities such as hiking, swimming and horse riding.
airport shuttles can be arranged for surcharge.
the apartment is 14 km from petrovsky stadium.
it offers an on-site restaurant serving a traditional menu, free wi-fi access and free parking.
the nearest airport is tours loire valley airport, 30 km from the property.
there is an equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
it offers free wi-fi and modern, air-conditioned rooms, 15 minutes’ walk from santiago cathedral.
the supposedly haunted leap castle is just 20 minutes’ drive away.
cable tv, a seating area and ironing facilities are included in all the luxurious apartments.
there is free parking on site.
each room has a private bathroom and a fridge.
phuket international airport is a 1-hour drive from the hotel.
the krasnodar regional court is 2.2 km from the property and the olimp sports complex is 3.2 km away.
a breakfast buffet with homemade goods is provided each morning in the warmly decorated restaurant.
located in paris, bristol loft is a self-catering accommodation featuring free wifi access. it offers a view of the eiffel tower and is just 500 metres from the champs elysées.
downtown toronto is also within 26 km.
situated in the quiet corner of the estate, the country house’s spa has treatment rooms, each with a terrace opening out onto the vineyards.
boasting excellent public transport connections, it is a great base for exploring koblenz ́s old town.
organised excursions can be booked directly at the hotel.
each room is equipped with a shared bathroom.
guests can enjoy the mild climate during a bbq night or enjoy the sun on the pension’s terrace.
a weekly cleaning service is included.
there is also a garden with barbecue facilities at studio petric.
this small hotel is located on the edge of the rural village of sint geertruid, in between maastricht and noorbeek.
it features a garden, terrace with hammocks and free wi-fi throughout.
banyoles lake is 24 km away and roses is a 40-minute drive from la quadra de can muní.
every room features a kitchenette fitted with a refrigerator and a stovetop and a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
a restaurant serving local sea food specialties and featuring an open terrace is located just 20 metres from the property.
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower, a two person whirlpool tub is also available.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
the accommodation at prague apartment includes a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and a washing machine.
it is possible to have dinner also on the terrace, which is covered during winter.
the vijaywada railway station and vijaywada airport are both 20 km away.
xin yao fa hotel is a 15-minute walk from guangzhou railway station and 10 km from jinan university.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 23 km from the property.
the award-winning langley castle was built in 1350, during the reign of edward iii.
the resort provides a free shuttle service to macau ferry terminal, a 20-minute drive away.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
luggage and non-smoking rooms are also offered.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is ataturk airport, 21.5 km from the property.
some rooms have a spa bath.
each kitchen features a freezer, refrigerator, coffee machine, microwave and oven.
free private parking is possible on site.
the rustic restaurant at the elrio serves authentic local cuisine prepared with seasonal ingredients.
santa bárbara d ́oeste bus terminal is 1 km from nossotel.
grand baie is 6 km from auberge la colombe bed and breakfast, while flic-en-flac is 32 km from the property.
situated in a historic building dating back to the 19th century, vienna's place city-apartment gumpendorferstraße features a flat-screen cable tv and a modern bathroom.
guests at the sylter deichwiesen apartment are an 8-minute walk from westerland’s pedestrian shopping street and the central beach.
fitted with air conditioning and carpeted flooring, all rooms are equipped with a tv, minibar and electric kettle.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as an ipod docking station are offered.
every day of your stay you will be given a breakfast voucher to use at a partner café, located just nearby.
the property is situated 3 blocks from downtown area and offers free parking onsite.
all units have design furnishings and a contemporary style, and studios also have a fully equipped kitchenette.
free wifi is offered .
offering a fitness centre, free wi-fi and a balcony in each room, landhaus pension endresenhof is located in igelsberg.
some rooms come with shared bathroom facilities in the hallway.
there is a guest lounge including a library of books and games are available at the bar.
garretstown is 20 minutes’ drive from the old bank town house.
located off interstate 85, this hotel is less than 3 miles from central thomasville.
guests benefit from balcony.
guests can start their day with a buffet breakfast.
domitilla’s catacombs and the baths of caracalla are 15 minutes’ walk from villa geta.
people's liberation monument is 300 metres from chongqing mingzuan business hotel, while hongya cave is 400 metres away.
the apartment is 3.5 km from lenin mausoleum.
the main bus station is 100 metres from the bellow the stars apartments.
vasiliki beach is 150 metres away.
chennai international airport is located 45 km from the property.
cafes and shops are a short walk away.
with simple accommodation and hammocks in its garden area, casa libélula is only 450 metres from jericoacoara beach and 390 metres from pôr do sol dune.
a mini market and bakery is situated less than 300 metres away.
free parking is available at the property.
the on-site metro bar has 8 large flat-screen tvs showing live sports from around the world.
nestled in the town of lom between the jotunheimen and reinheimen national parks, nordal turistsenter is built in a traditional rustic style with light and modern interiors.
they are equipped with a flat-screen tv, refrigerator and hairdryer.
discover stunning works of art at the national gallery of canada, or explore the historic byward farmer's market, ideally placed close to the national hotel and suites ottawa, an ascend collection hotel.
many rooms feature a balcony or a terrace overlooking the garden.
nearby there is a public parking at a surcharge, as well as different bus stops. upon request and at a surcharge transfer services can be arranged.
there is also a cosy dining area, and full laundry facilities are provided.
all the rooms feature a tv, wardrobe and a desk.
the centre of kolymbari village is a 15-min drive.
guests can make use of the fax and photocopying facilities to catch up with their last-minute work. car rentals are available for those explorers.
holiday home egevænget rudkøbing ii is located in tranekær.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
located in bridlington, in the east riding of yorkshire, ashford house guest house offers bed and breakfast accommodation, en suite bedrooms and free wifi throughout.
laptops can be rented at a surcharge.
the self-catering apartments come with free wifi, and unique 20th-century art.
it offers free wi-fi and an airport shuttle service.
guests can enjoy international cuisine and traditional mexican dishes in the cupatitzio’s restaurant.
anapa theatre and the anapa water park are a 10-minute walk away.
the apartment offers a balcony with city views, a tv, and a living area with a kitchenette.
from may until october, guests also receive the bregenzerwald card, which includes free admission for the local cable cars, free access to the local public pools and free use of the rural bus.
attractions like connaught place, birla temple, red fort and india gate are within 5 km from the property.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 21 km from the property.
the living-dining room features a sofa and a flat-screen tv.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, agrousadba ryabinushka is situated in zaturya village, 15 km from nyasvizh.
anitkabir ataturk museum is 4 km from the green park hotel.
it features a bar, a restaurant that serves breakfast, and on-site scuba diving facilities.
there is a spacious living-dining area with satellite tv and dvd player, and cal rei petit has 1 double room and 2 twin rooms, as well as 2 bathrooms.
st peter’s square, the pantheon and trevi fountain can all be reached in less than 15 minutes on foot from the property.
guests have access to a shared bathroom and outdoor furniture.
it offers country-style rooms and free parking.
at noclegi u matyldy you will find a shared kitchen futted with a stove, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
housed in a historical building, the grand hotel rzeszów is located 50 metres from the market square and offers individually designed luxurious rooms with free internet and satellite tv.
offering air conditioning and a balcony, bye suite provides accommodation in chioggia, 3 km from the town centre and a 5-minute drive from sottomarina sandy beach.
all rooms at the calimbra wellness are air-conditioned and offer free wifi and room service.
featuring free wifi, hotel astoria offers accommodation in aykhal.
aruntara riverside boutique hotel is situated along the mae ping river in downtown chiang mai.
towels and bed linen are provided.
alicante is 46 km from casa mika el molinet.
located only 50 metres from the historic royal route in warsaw, the moon hostel offers free wi-fi and a common lounge with playstation.
formula 1 grand prix baku is 3.9 km from apartment on heydar aliyev 105, while azerbaijan opera and ballet theatre is 4 km from the property.
other provisions include a flat-screen and green tea.
expo 2017 astana is 5 km away.
a supermarket is located 500 metres from the hotel.
free wifi access is available.
the hotel ocean promenade is within a 10-minute drive of the blaine municipal airport.
it is 20 minutes' drive from langdales vineyard restaurant.
fitted with tuscan-style furnishings, this holiday home is equipped with a kitchen, a living area complete with a sofa and a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom includes a shower.
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities. the property offers free parking.
the apartments offer air conditioning, satellite tv and seating area.
there are food options and sightseeing attractions in the vicinity, including st mary's basilica, 700 metres away and wawel royal castle, about a kilometre from the apartment.
borjomi likani homestay features free wifi .
towels are offered.
free private parking and bike storage are provided.
a partner restaurant serving regional specialities is 400 metres away.
the property offers a free shuttle service.
a separate seating area with comfortable sofas is also provided.
each room is fitted with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room. each room is equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
motorcycles can also be rented.
tourlos port is 8 km away, while mykonos airport is at a distance of 7.5 km.
a free private parking is available on site.
minute maid park, home to baseball's astros, and george r. brown convention center are within a 10-minute drive, while houston museum district is 5 km from the whitehall houston.
the multi-lingual staff at torlano can arrange guided tours and golfing trips.
it offers a fully equipped kitchen and a garden terrace.
rooms at d’presidente are equipped with air-conditioning, a seating area, a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a minibar and tea/coffee making facilities.
guests are able to fish in the river directly from the pool deck.
a microwave and a refrigerator are featured in every room of this spartanburg hotel.
all apartments provide an equipped kitchen with dining area and there is a private bathroom also with a shower.
there is also a variety of nightlife and places to eat.
the property has a 24-hour reception.
situated in the medieval town of rhodes, niki’s pension is set in a 15th century restored building.
during the day, guests can relax on the poolside deck, while children play in the dedicated shallow pool.
the lounge bar barazzo serves fresh juices, coffee and drinks.
they offer a tv and a some have cable channels and a balcony.
at haus der bergwiesen you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
guests can warm up at the japanese irori hearth, and free wi-fi is available at the lobby.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.the property provides free parking.
bergamo station is 2 km from the hotel, while orio al serio airport is a 20-minute taxi ride away.
brīvdienu māja pasaku namiņš is a holiday home with a terrace, set in dundaga.
it offers free wi-fi in public areas and luxor temple is 2.2 km away.
driftwood, on the tasmania coast, offers cottages and studios in tranquil seaside surroundings in and near dover.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the kitchen has an oven.
located in the historic heart of safed, the antiquity heart mansion is housed in a stone building dating back from the 14th century.
friedrichshafen airport is 2 km from the property.
located above a row of shophouses, chin hua holiday home 5 is located in the historical state of melaka.
rooms at the san vito come with a tv and cool tiled or marble floors. the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
a local bus stop can be reached within 600 metres.
all rooms are air-conditioned and have a private bathroom.
the property is 3.5 km from snow arena and 1.3 km from druskininkai aquapark.
restaurants can be found within 150 metres.
the private bathrooms have a bathtub or a shower.
matera cathedral is 400 metres away.
with free wi-fi throughout, the colourful rooms have mountain views and include a closet, seating area, and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
located in xiaoshan district, hangzhou dejia jingzhi hotel offers stylish accommodation with free wi-fi throughout the property.
panoramic views of the nearby mountains and river are offered.
wi-fi is available at an additional cost.
free parking and free wifi is available.
it features a 24-hour reception and pet-friendly rooms with free wifi.
gustavo rojas pinilla airport is only a 5-minute drive.
selected rooms come with an electric kettle.
they all comprise a private bathroom fitted with either a bathtub or a shower.
the bathrooms are either private, or shared.
bed linen is provided.
guests will also find barbecue facilities and a communal sauna.
i mulini features direct access to its private beach.
featuring garden views, the air-conditioned rooms at pousada alto da praia offer a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
the traditionally decorated suites also provide a dining area and ceiling fans.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
classical style rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv featuring satellite channels. there is also an electric kettle.
other amenities included include a flat-screen tv with a dvd player and bathrooms with bath and shower facilities, toiletries and a hairdryer.
there are also 2 bathrooms, both equipped with a shower cabin.
staff at the 24-hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in madrid.
the holiday home is composed of 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, equipped with a bath and a bath or shower. the kitchen has an oven and a microwave.
restoran kampong meraga beris serves a selection of local specialities.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, odesos guest house offers pet-friendly accommodation in obzor.
free wifi is available throughout the apartments.
putra mulia hotel is located a 20-minute drive from polonia international airport and maimun royal palace.
this port charlotte hotel offers a heated outdoor pool and comfortable rooms equipped with cable tv and free wi-fi. port charlotte town center mall is just 5 minutes' drive away.
every room is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or a shower, with free toiletries provided.
alicante is just over an hour's drive away, and you can drive to valencia in 1 hour and 15 minutes.
all units feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
all the air-conditioned apartments at partner guest house include modern décor and a flat-screen tv.
just 20 metres from pefki beach, villa stella is surrounded by a lush garden with olive and fig trees.
alternatively, barbecue facilities are available.
there is also a private bathroom with shower.
it offers an indoor heated pool and free parking.
set 200 metres from the seafront, casa elisabetta is located 8 km from scicli's centre.
hermosillo hotel lucerna has a state-of-the-art gym and a business center.
each comes with a soaking tub, walk-in shower and deluxe bath amenities enriched with dead sea minerals.
qianyuqianxun hostel offers affordable accommodation in suzhou. this property is 1.7 km from guanqian street.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as horse riding and snorkeling.
the three-bedroom apartment is provided with 1 satellite tv, 1 dvd player, air conditioning unit and fireplace.
hotel la casa 1 you will find a 24-hour front desk and free parking.
pier 42 boutique resort & spa is a 45-minute drive from phuket international airport.
the unesco-listed andrássy avenue is just within 100 metres from liszt studios holiday home.
they are equipped with tv and a private bathroom.
the hotel seeblick offers rooms with views of the lake and the chiemgau alps.
situated by lake talvijärvi in ruka ski resort, hotelli rukatonttu offers free wi-fi and rooms with a flat-screen tv and a drying cabinet for clothes.
the apartments are surrounded by a large garden with pine and palm trees.
the plešivec ski lift is 25 km away, while the the chairlift to the diana viewpoint is only 200 metres from the apartmán tylova.
bianco offers breakfast each morning.
offering a restaurant, hfb hnong ka is located in pran buri.
the in-house restaurant serves regional, indian, chinese and continental delights.
apartment at nevskogo 51a offers accommodation in kaliningrad. the apartment is 800 metres from maraunenhof.
guests can also relax in the property's hot tub or in the sun terrace.
amans annabella resort is 59 km from nainital hill station and 95 km from corbbet national park.
3 dining options are available at the hotel.
the hotel’s restaurant serves local and provencal dishes that can be enjoyed in a dining room or on a shaded terrace.
the property offers free parking.
each room is fitted a flat-screen cable tv, refrigerator and telephone.
the corporate offices of ge, ibm and brainlab can be found only a short distance from the chicago-oakbrook terrace staybridge suites.
bars, restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km from the property.
set 200 metres from cathedral basilica of cefalù in cefalù, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony with city views. wifi is free throughout.
this crestview, florida stay suites of america is located just off i-10 and 5 miles from the sasquatch zoo.
albergo il cacciatore offers large rooms and a terrace overlooking the umbrian valley.
tianhe coach terminal is a 23-minute drive away.
located in the city centre of tbilisi, on the edge of roses park, park side features self-catering accommodations with free wi-fi and free private parking.
in the chichester harbour area of outstanding natural beauty, it provides free parking and wifi and has an on-site wellness centre.
all rooms come with a minibar and a flat-screen tv. en suite bathrooms have a separate bathtub and shower.
the property is a 5-minute walk from the mall hayam shopping centre and 1 km from eilat airport.
in the apartment there is a kitchen where you can prepare your own meals.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
it offers an indoor swimming pool, whirlpool, sunbed and a sauna and can accommodate up to six persons.
restaurants and mini markets can be found 500 metres from villa athena.
lisbon international airport is a 40-minute drive from ymca camp-parque ambiental do alambre.
each apartment combines traditional wooden structures with contemporary décor.
you can make fresh tea or have a drink from the minibar.
clarion hotel hagerstown is 2 miles from hagerstown roundhouse museum.
it provides charming accommodation featuring free wifi access and soothing spa treatments.
the bathroom is equipped with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries, and a washing machine is available in a separate laundry room.
there is also a wooden dining area in every kitchen, and highchairs and cots free to use.
the a 48 motorway is also just 15 km from the hotel.
free wi-fi access is available.
each room at this motel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv. some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
these bright, attractive apartments offer sea views from their private balconies. set 500 metres from costa teguise beach, residencia golf y mar features an outdoor swimming pool and a terrace.
the bouquet restaurant is located on the second floor and serves creative mediterranean cuisine made from local produce.
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can assist with luggage storage and trip organisation or arrange a car rental service.
offering closeness to nature, sidsjö hotell offers free wi-fi and individually decorated rooms with either shared or private bathroom facilities.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
every room has a private bathroom and air conditioning.
a continental breakfast is provided each morning for those staying in the guest rooms at la tour de brazalem.
guests have free use of the furnished garden with free parking.
resort guadalupe offers a children’s playground, a token-operated laundry room, and a games room.
some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
gelendzhik airport is 9 km from the guest house favorit.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
located right next to exit 3 of hosui susukino subway station, apa hotel sapporo susukino ekimae offers simple western-style accommodations with free wired internet access.
the kitchen is equipped with electric cooker, refrigerator, cooker hood, 40 l deep freeze, coffee brewer, microwave, washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher and vacuum cleaner.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, guest house russkaya eco banya offers pet-friendly accommodation in istra.
there are cycling and hiking tracks in the vicinity.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the park inn by radisson stands opposite alexanderplatz station, which offers bus, tram, underground and s-bahn rail links to all parts of berlin.
every room includes a flat-screen tv.
at apart praia posto 3 there is a 24-hour front desk.
featuring free wifi and an on-site restaurant, hotel presidencial offers accommodations in arequipa. the hotel is located only a 5-minute drive from terminal terrestre bus terminal.
it features bike rental and tour desk service.
this hotel has free ski storage space and car hire is available.
some rooms feature a small balcony.
guests can enjoy candlelit dinner in the gardens or even on the beach.
free private parking is available on site.
a balcony is in select rooms and suites.
the en-suite double, triple and family rooms feature free wifi access. there is a flat-screen tv and individually controlled air conditioning system in each room, while the windows are soundproof. a minibar and telephone is also standard in all rooms. the bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
featuring a bath or a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
apartments include a fully equipped kitchenette.
macerata is 23 km from the property.
the property is surrounded by the large garden with seating areas which invite to relax.
guests at skamania can relax with a massage from the on-site spa, play a round of golf on the 18 hole course, rent a complimentary bicycle from the front desk or plan the next day's activities and adventures with help from the knowledgeable concierge desk.
free private parking is possible on site.
bbq equipment is also provided.
the train station is 1 km away.
private hot tubs and saunas are available for an additional fee.
live barbeque meals can be enjoyed on weekends.
the apartment is fitted with a kitchen and a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and hairdryer.
the nearest airport is don mueang international airport, 21 km from cubic bangkok.
free wifi is available in all areas.
with a cliff-top location, and private access to the secluded livermead sands beach, the family-run best western hotel offers far-reaching sea views from its mood lit terrace seating area.
the cream colored rooms also have a comfortable seating area and desk.
towels and bed linen are provided.
agora open air museum is 500 metres while historic kemeralti bazaar is 300 metres away.
the property offers free parking.
the quiet hotel is 9 miles from coventry and convenient for access to the m6 and m1.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including bowling.
laundry services and taxi services can be arranged for an additional cost.
a tv is included. each en suite bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer.
mall of arabia can be reached by car in 14 minutes.
the picturesque town of cadaquès and dalì museum are 17.5 km away.
le cardinal is located on sauzon bay, on the coast of brittany.
girasole b&b is about 1.5 km from the historic petrovaradin fortress, which is also the site of the popular exit festival every summer.
the rooms at motel marley have a living-dining area with a sofa, and a kitchenette with a hob and microwave.
at days inn bar harbor you will find a 24-hour front desk.
at la-perchade you will find a garden and a terrace.
it features a restaurant, terrace and free wi-fi.
there are also a garden and sun terrace available for guests.
all rooms at the orchidea blu hotel are en suite.
all of the spacious, air conditioned rooms at red lion hotel pocatello include a cable tv.
every morning, a buffet breakfast is served in the dining room or at the terrace if possible.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
there is a garden and a terrace at dom tulipan, where guests can relax and admire the views.
free private parking is possible on site.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
the lu bagnu beach is a 10-minute walk from the apartments.
free wifi is available in public areas.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is available as well as a work area and locker.
the comfortable rooms are decorated with a mixture of rustic and romantic furniture.
it takes 10 minutes on foot from the hotel to fort rotterdam museum, the central post office, and various shopping outlets.
just 5 minutes’ walk from ocean beach, lazy acre features a solar-heated swimming pool, a bbq area and a children’s playground. it offers accommodation set amid tropical gardens.
fontanarossa international airport is 8 km away.
located in rio de janeiro, apartamento francisco otaviano offers a restaurant and a bar on its public areas. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi and is set 200 metres from post 7 - arpoador and 300 metres from dorival caymmi statue.
japanese-style pension hoshikawa is a 5-minute walk from tropical zoo kusatsu tropical wonderland. jr naganohara kusatsuguchi station is a 25-minute drive away.
set in siniscola and just 200 metres from the sardinian coast and its beautiful beaches, la caletta features rooms with air conditioning. it offers an italian-style breakfast which is served at a café located a few steps away.
you can enjoy city view.
grilled and moroccan cuisine is made from fresh produce and served in the dining area.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can use a shared bathroom.
ferienwohnungen dietmar thöni offers a sauna and a fitness centre for your relaxation.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
it offers a terrace, where guests can relax.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
yumbo centrum shopping centre is 100 metres away.
located on agadir beachfront, this 4-star hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by palm trees.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
infantaria is 1.3 km from terezinah holiday homes, while st. alex church is 2 km away.
torbole is 7.5 km from the apartment, while riva del garda is a 10-minute drive away.
arcos de valdevez is 6 km away and ponte de lima is 18 km away.
the nearest airport is alicante airport, 60 km from the property.
located a 5-minute walk from the beach of lido san giuliano, in rimini, the family-run hotel villa dina features a restaurant.
each cottage has a kitchen equipped with kitchenware, an oven and a stove.
tulle train station is a 30-minute drive away.
at rus you can have doctor's advice and special treatment course with mineral water and oxygen cocktails.
a desk is included for added convenience. an en suite bathroom is also included.
you can choose between mediterranean and italian cuisine, or a simple snack from the pool bar (open in summer).
chargeable parking is available on-site, and luggage can be stored at the front office.
breakfast is served on site or at a bar just outside the door.
the accommodation at apartment hohe tauern features a fully equipped kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and a tv with cable channels.
this hotel offers simply furnished guest rooms decorated in soft green and blue tones.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub, hairdryer and free toiletries.
apartamento en buenos aires has comfortable interiors with air conditioning, central water and heating, parquet floors and satellite tv. there are full kitchen facilities with a dining area featuring a marble table for 4 guests.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive to promthep cape.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the air-conditioned rooms at hotel 89 come with a cable tv and minibar.
the en-suite bathroom is fitted with a shower.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out central bank of brazil (3.6 km) and supreme court of justice of brazil (3.6 km).
the bathroom has a hairdryer.
the centre of vilnius is about 6 km away from airinn vilnius hotel, the old town is 5 km away and vilnius bus and train stations are 3 km from the hotel.
free on-site parking is available.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
a hearty buffet breakfast is included in the price at rixbecker alpen - hotel koch.
a sweet and savoury breakfast, with home-made jams, is offered daily.
a selection of drinks can be enjoyed at the a&o lobby bar, with a buffet breakfast is available each morning.
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a private balcony, cable tv, minibar.
set in anzio, la mosca bianca offers a garden, terrcae and modern-style rooms with balcony.
there is a fully equipped kitchen. the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet. other facilities include electric heating.
the guest house is an 8-minute walk from feldberg-bärental train station
bonfim church is just 10 metres away and matriz church is 500 metres away.
song han bridge is 700 metres from danang backpackers hostel, while cham museum is 1.1 km away.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
they are all accessible by elevator.
accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv and work desk.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
massage services are also offered at a surcharge.
the guest house is 250 metres to the main square of cusco and 300 metres to the cusco cathedral.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, guesthouse svetlyachok offers accommodation in adler.
after a long skiing day, guest can relax at the hotel ́s bar as well.
offering elegantly decorated accommodation, the traditionally built elka is a few metres from the centre of palaios agios athanasios village.
a large breakfast buffet is offered each morning at the hotel windsor.
baku airport is a 20-minute drive away, and the hotel offers a shuttle service on request.
free wifi and free private parking are provided.
air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and a kitchenette can be found.
the property is a 20-minute drive from oulx tgv station and a 90 minute-drive from turin airport.
schlitterbahn beach waterpark is 3 miles away.
a stovetop and kettle are also provided.
the horseshoe hammond casino can be reached in 30 minutes’ drive.
with free wifi throughout, each apartment here is air-conditioned and includes a full kitchen, a seating area and a bathroom with a shower.
the property is 500metres from san luis and 2km from cove bay.
featuring colourful décor, the homelike appartements krüger apartments are split over 2 floors, offering a separate living room with satellite tv, and a bedroom with a waterbed.
sighisoara is famous for its 13th-century clock tower, which is nowadays a museum of history.
free on-site parking is available.
all have a tv, minibar and comfortable armchairs.
rooms combine classic-style décor and furniture with modern amenities such as an lcd tv with satellite and pay-per-view channels.
the property offers free parking.
falmouth is 37 km from the classroom, while padstow is 32 km from the property.
each unit has a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
the house also has a flat-screen tv, a cd/dvd player and a complete bathroom with modern facilities.
the nearest grocery store and a children's playground are 150 metres away, as well as a restaurant serving fish and meat dishes.
ironing facilities are also provided.
the hotel is a 15-minute walk from lin department store.
a tennis court, a sauna, a solarium, a playground for kids and a fitness room are also available in the premium apartments @ monte rosa.
an outdoor swimming pool is featured at this kelowna property.
a ski storage room is provided, as well.
guests can enjoy snacks and russian dishes in the evenings, or relax in the bar with a drink.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the rooms include a private bathroom. extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
cosy quiet aparrtment features an outdoor pool and boasts views of the garden.
located on the seafront at gandía beach, apartamento acuario offers stunning sea views from its furnished balcony. the apartment is equipped with a flat-screen tv and seating area.
gray hotel features a night club and a bar.
a buffet breakfast with hot options is available each day in the modern great room.
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
guests are invited to have breakfast in the veranda whilst enjoying the views of the garden.
each room at staroyamskaya hotel is decorated in an elegant style with carpeted floors.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the obelisk of buenos aires (700 metres) and florida pedestrian street (1.2 km). aeroparque jorge newbery airport is located 5 km away.
the cottage has wooden floors and includes 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a living room with a fireplace, a flat-screen satellite tv and dvd player.
galeria graffica shopping centre is within 1.5 km.
the cosy stüvetta is an inviting place to relax.
there is also a kitchen, complete with an oven, dishwasher, and washing machine.
further entertainment options include a children's playground and a table for tennis table provided at no cost.
laundry and dry cleaning services are available.
this typical alpine-style guest house enjoys a quiet location a 10-minute walk from the centre of verbier, just next to the fromagerie bus stop.
sirmione is 47 km from apartment l'ora di torbole 1, while madonna di campiglio is 40 km away.
free wi-fi is provided at the lobby.
located just a 15-minute walk from guell park and la sagrada familia, city view apartments gracia features air conditioning and free wi-fi.
poros port is at 20 km and kefalonia airport is 25 km away.
apartamentos rurales víctor chamorro del arco have good access to the a-66 motorway, which takes you to plasencia in 30 minutes.
guests' can enjoy the expansive pool and tennis facilities at the royal lahaina resort with no resort fee.
apartment paris - lenoir is a one-bedroom apartment located in paris, a 15-minute walk from place de la bastille and a 10-minute walk from the famous père lachaise cemetery.
featuring a pool and sauna, this traditional hotel is situated in the bavarian village of reit im winkl.
at domaine du val d'atur you will find a garden, and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
warsaw chopin airport is 1 km away.
guest house extreme center features free wifi .
the building houses the hostel as well as berlin's oldest ballroom and the traditional alt-berlin pub.
offering a communal pool, the stone-built villa margarites are set at a mountain slope. located 6 km from krousonas village of crete, they feature fully equipped units with fireplace and a balcony with mountain and pool views.
offering a restaurant, titanic hostel is located in astana, a 5-minute walk from ishim river.
villas feature a fully equipped kitchen and a cable tv with dvd player.
nestled on a beach on the gulf of mexico, pelicans roost offers two-bedroom suites with a balcony and fully equipped kitchen.
private bathrooms come with a bathtub.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
bicycle rentals are available.
the nearest airport is zaragoza airport, 71 km from apartamentos turisticos rio gallego.
featuring a rooftop swimming pool, best western hotel harbour view also provides free wi-fi in all areas.
featuring a modern décor, hostal sant marti is located in the centre of puig-reig, 1 hours’ drive from barcelona.
a 2-car parking garage is included. a clothes washer and tumble dryer are available for convenience.
piazza navona is a 2-minute walk away.
king abdul aziz street is a 10-minute walk away.
free wi-fi is provided in public areas.
the studio has air conditioning, a full kitchen with kitchenware and a coffee machine, and a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and a bidet.
each apartment has an open-plan living space with a sofa bed, flat-screen tv, and dining table, while the kitchen is equipped with a fridge, microwave, toaster, and coffee machine.
romantic seaview apartment sanya is a 15-minute drive from sanya railway station and a 30-minute drive from west island.
each aránzazu studio has simple, functional décor and tiled and split-level floors.
from the balcony you can enjoy panoramic views of the mountains.
aparthotel golf coast also includes a terrace.
featuring a free outdoor pool, sun terrace and garden with vegetable patch, villa polito is located in vibonati. just 3 km from the beach in villammare, this property offers sea views, free bbq facilities and a ping pong table.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
the property is 2.3 km from habaneras torrevieja shopping centre and free private parking is provided. free wifi is offered throughout the property.
drinks and snacks can be purchased from vending machines.
decorated in shades of bright blue, each air-conditioned room is fitted clean linen sheets and a tv.
buffet breakfasts, lunch and evening meals can also be booked by all guests at feriendorf fuchsberg.
a rich breakfast buffet is available at the landhotel donner in the mornings.
located in simard, la maison du l.a.c offers a 1-hectare garden, a terrace and bbq facilities.
at tsomoriri hotel lake view you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include tour desk and luggage storage.
jardines del real gardens is 650 metres from the property, and the city of arts and sciences is 25 minutes away by bus.
offering a restaurant, sun village is located in new delhi. free wi-fi access and a 24-hour front desk are available.
guests have access to shared bathroom facilities and there are security lockers in the dormitories.
the centre can be found within 1.5 km.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bidet.
it features a complimentary light fare breakfast delivered to the rooms daily.
birth of christ cathedral is 3.4 km from apartment on alecu russo 3/2, while cathedral park is 3.4 km from the property.
the cologne cathedral and the chocolate museum are easily reachable by foot and the messe exhibition centre is a short u-bahn or tax ride away.
the port is 25 km from cleo's dream villa. thira airport is 20 km away.
free wi-fi and free private, on-site parking are provided.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, praia mansa apartaments offers self-catering accommodation.
situated on the west side of reunion island, aquabeach is 200 metres from local shops and beaches.
the comfortable rooms feature rustic decor and satellite tv. bathroom facilities are shared.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities and a hairdryer.
enjoy convenient stays in cosy rooms at raj homestay.
free wi-fi is provided throughout the hotel.
the hotel features a tour desk, a business centre, and a gift shop.
the lounge includes a sofa, dining table and tv, while the modern kitchen offers a washing machine, oven and microwave.
this villa will provide you with a living and a dining room, a fully-equipped kitchen, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
rhodes international airport is 13 km from the property.
set in the medieval village of poggio murella, this small b&b offers air-conditioned rooms with an lcd tv and private bathroom.
the attached bathroom has free toiletries.
the nearest airport is split airport, 53 km from the property.
room service can also be provided.
guests will also appreciate free wireless and high-speed internet access and soft goose-down comforters.
appartement maghreb el arabi is a self-catering accommodation located in rabat.
for convenience, the hotel staff can assist with business and tour services.
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
the unit is 800 metres from armenian opera and ballet theatre.
the villa features eight air-conditioned bedrooms complete with a flat-screen cable tv and a balcony.
whether a guest is staying on business or leisure, travelling with a group or with his family and children, or looking forward to an activity holiday – he will feel at home in the warmly inviting ambience of our hotel.
holiday home ørsted is located in sjorup strand and can accommodate up to six persons.
a flat-screen tv with pay channels and a safe are standard in air-conditioned rooms.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
this bed and breakfast has water sports facilities and free use of bicycles is available.
the hotel is located by the fukurogawa river, where guests can enjoy cherry blossoms in the spring.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
the scala dei turchi is a 30-minute drive away.
they come with parquet flooring, a flat-screen cable tv and a dvd player.
feliz verano offers an outdoor swimming pool, gym and sauna.
the town of makarska is 12 km from the hotel, while split is at a distance of 50 km.
it offers an outdoor pool and activities like yoga and dance classes.
free private parking is available on site.
each of the rooms is simply furnished with a flat-screen satellite tv and a private bathroom.
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower.
haus isabell is located directly in the centre of fiss, just 10 walking minutes from the ski lifts of the serfaus-fiss-ladis ski area.
each has a balcony or private terrace that overlooks the gardens or swimming pool.
vau beach is 3.2 km away.
popular gran café de la parroquia, where popular coffee is served, is 3.3 km away.
family apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in paris, just 150 metres from the parc de la villette.
guests in need can take advantage of free parking service.
scenic walks can be taken in the surrounding area, and the town of halifax is just a 15-minute drive away.
at hotel puerto banana you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the air-conditioned room will provide you with cable tv, a sofa, a refrigerator, a patio and outdoor seating area.
the nascar hall of fame is 9.5 miles away.
offering an outdoor pool and hot tub, moncastro hotel is situated in zatoka in the odessa region region.
all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
solnechniy zamok hotel is 50 metres from peleulok kolkhozniy bus stop, which offers a direct link to sudak bus station.
one of the pools is olympic sized while the other has artificial waves.
each room has a flat-screen tv. every room is fitted with a private bathroom with a bidet and shower, with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
just 5 minutes’ walk from plaza del pilar square, valencia luxury juan de mena features luxurious apartments with stylish décor. set in valencia’s old town, it offers well-equipped accommodation.
all the air-conditioned rooms at the hotel am schelztor come with a tv and minibar.
guests can order their breakfast which is served in the main olimp complex building 150 metres away.
set 130 metres from the sandy beach, and 1.5 km from bellaria - igea train station, hotel villa tosi offers a restaurant, bar and classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
the karlovo square with the new town hall and parks is an 8-minute walk away.
located at the banks of the sand river, umkumbe safari lodge is located in sabi sand game reserve.
located in the countryside 13 km from città della pieve, le ghiandaie offers free wi-fi, an outdoor pool and apartments with a satellite tv.
rooms come equipped with a minibar and satellite tv. the private bathrooms include a hairdryer.
florence and lucca are less than a one-hour train ride away.
the river lahn and the hoch-taunus nature park are around 1.5 km away.
the historic guimarães city is 8 km from casa das eirinhas, and braga is a 38-minute drive.
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service and a tour desk.
a continental breakfast with belgium waffles is served daily.
the city of tokaj is reachable in 20 km.
parking is free and provided on site.
with this card, guests can use all public buses, swimming pools and cable cars for free.
a 20-minute drive from ashbourne, it has free wi-fi, and free parking on site.
it features spacious rooms with free internet, a 24-hour gym, 4 restaurants and a spa.
daily breakfast is served in open buffet style.
the designer outlet parndorf is 15 km away, and mörbisch is 21 km away.
it offers rooms with air conditioning and a balcony each and breakfast on site.
the restaurant serves italian cuisine and specialises in fresh fish.
guangzhou baiyun international airport is 90 minutes' car journey away.
gordon swimming pool is 1.2 km from ziv apartments - 8 amos street, while itzhak rabin memorial is 1.4 km away.
offering a garden and sun terrace, rony faical apartment is situated in tunis, 5 km from belvedre parc. habib bourguiba avenue is 6 km from the property.
hamad international airport is 8 km from the property.
some rooms have a balcony.
offering 4 stylish dining options and 3 meeting rooms, jinhe kailong hotel is located in datong, only a 5-minute drive from datong railway station.
guests can relax and enjoy in the outdoor swimming pool.
this property set in a typical building of salento area has a paved terrace.
guest rooms at the ramada cancun city include a coffee maker and satellite lcd tv. the rooms also provide an in-room safe, a private balcony and air conditioning.
set 1 km from alberobello, b&b delle rondini offers rooms set in a modern building with white-washed walls and a room set in a typical trullo dwelling.
located in a building, alvalade ii guest house features rooms with a romantic décor, 7 minutes’ walking from lisbon’s alvalade metro station and 15 minutes’ walking from campo grande.
athena hotel is a 10-minute drive from lujiazui financial district, a 10-minute drive from century park and a 20-minute walk from shanghai science & technology museum.
extras include bed linen and a fan.
featuring a modern décor, all apartments are fitted with tiled and carpeted floors.
it offers a large wellness centre with both indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
sable mountain lodge restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
this small hotel is located in a quiet, residential part of the central lenina street in kirov.
additionally, grand hotel velingrad offers meeting rooms and is designed to meet the ultimate requirements in conference tourism in bulgaria.
the apartment is provided with a satellite-tv, and a cd/dvd player.
b&b caribe centro - via tendenza features free wifi .
guests can use the fully equipped kitchen with a stove, oven, microwave and fridge.
free private parking is available on site.
paris - charles de gaulle airport is 30 km away.
coral bay is 11 km from villa amaracos, while kakopetria is 44 km away.
the contemporary-style rooms at the fairhotel sarstedt feature bright décor and a private bathroom with shower.
the bathroom is a wet room with a shower and hairdryer.
the sakala resort bali is a 10-minute drive from bali collection shopping centre, 30-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport and a 40-minute drive from trendy seminyak.
a shuttle service is available to the airport (fees apply).
free wifi access is available at tsentr hostel.
the kitchen features an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
guests can make travel arrangements, or get assistance with luggage storage, ironing and laundry services at the reception.
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave, as well as a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the bloomington, illinois city centre is 18 miles away. the state farm insurance headquarters can be reached in 24 minutes’ drive.
lotus guest house has air-conditioned guest rooms with free wi-fi access.
london city airport is 8 km from the property.
all air-conditioned units offer fine linens and are decorated with paintings made by local artists.
it offers rooms with free wifi and free continental breakfast.
sigiri lodge is located in sigiriya and provides 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests. free wifi access is available in the public areas of this lodge.
the cheesecake factory is 4 minutes’ walk away.
some units have a balcony, and the apartments have a separate bedroom.
it offers a softub hot tub, and luxurious rooms with free wi-fi and balcony.
free private parking is available at the guest house.
it offers free wi-fi and a private outdoor heated pool with massage showers.
free private parking is available on site.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
zanzibar airport is 50 km away and airport transfers can be arranged for a surcharge.
set 15 minutes’ walk from llança port, hostal lara is located in llança, in the costa brava.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is offered .
the lake vrana nature park and ornithological reserve is located at a distance of 7 km from the apartments.
views of the mountain, garden or city are featured in certain rooms.
each room in the former winery has a different theatrical theme and offers a private bathroom with shower and toilet.
guests can work out at the fitness centre, arrange interesting sightseeing trips at the tour desk, or use the meeting facilities.
only a few steps from matsumoto castle, backpackers matsumoto no yado features free wi-fi, japanese-style dorm rooms overlooking the castle or garden and a free-use kitchen. it has a common lounge, a garden and drinks vending machines.
it offers affordable air-conditioned rooms with cable tvs and free wi-fi.
the elegant rooms and suites feature vietri majolica floors and precious furniture.
they have a warm touch of colour and tiled floors.
the accommodation provides a tv, a terrace and a seating area.
other facilities like ski storage are offered.
free private parking is available.
free private parking spaces are available.
you can benefit from the spa centre, massage facilities and beauty shop.
la spezia is 8 km from the luciana, while galileo galilei airport is 57 km away.
you can enjoy a view of lake baikal from all the rooms.
various restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property, while the beach is 2 km away.
trabzon airport is 8 km away.
you can enjoy sea view from the room.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
situated on the beach side of the main road in the fishing village of pemuteran, hibiscus house pemuteran bali offers an outdoor pool, a lush garden, and mountain view.
it features a gourmet restaurant, garden, and air-conditioned rooms.
the unit offers views of the sea.
guests have access to a shared swimming pool and a car park.
a flat-screen cable tv, seating area and a wardrobe are a standard across all air-conditioned rooms.
the resort uses fair trade products.
laundry services, a business centre and a beauty salon are also available.
the rooms of hotel midye are elegantly decorated to create a warm setting.
free wi-fi is offered.
offering an outdoor pool, lucy inn is located in portsmouth.
the property also offers free parking.
guests can laze in soothing massage, splash around in the 2 pools, dance at the nightclub, or play a game of billiards, tennis, darts, squash or bowling.
this family-run property offers spacious apartments with air conditioning and a tv.
satellite tv and coffee-making facilities are included in the guest rooms at the buccaneer. each has a private balcony.
in the winter many ski lifts and well prepared nordic tracks are at your disposal.
featuring a mountain and valley view, each room offers a flat-screen cable tv, free toiletries and an en suite bathroom at the inn at steamboat.
the warth ski school, run by olympic skiing champion hubert strolz, is directly next to the lechtalerhof.
each apartment offers free wifi and either a balcony or terrace.
a 1.5-hour boat ride takes guests to samui airport.
parking is free.
the rooms here will provide you with a seating area.
hollywood restaurant serves chinese, indian and continental dishes.
each apartment features bright wooden furniture, a seating area, satellite tv, and a bathroom.
meals can be prepared in the fully equipped kitchen, which comes complete with a fridge, microwave and kettle.
you can play darts at the property, and free use of bicycles is available.
free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception are available.
shops, bars and restaurants are within a 3-minute walk of the property.
paradiso residence is 650 metres from siena cathedral.
the en suite bathroom is equipped with a hot shower and towels.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
situated in chia in the sardinia region, this detached holiday home is 40 km from cagliari. the property is 15 km from pula and free private parking is offered.
all air-conditioned apartments feature 2 bathrooms, bbq facilities and a lounge area with a sofa, a flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
waldpension is located in kollnburg.
situated directly opposite a large, sandy beach on preston seafront, our non-smoking hotel occupies a peaceful spot with no through-traffic.
wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. free private parking is also possible on site.
gavrio port is at 32 km.
the en suite guest rooms of thessalikon are fully equipped.
it is a 44-minute drive from chambord castle, a 50-minute drive from chiverny castle and 1 hour's drive from blois.
costa navarino is 24 km from the property.
free parking is available near the hotel for guests exploring the island by car and bike rental is available nearby.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
within 15 minutes on foot, the st. nedelya church and the tzum shopping mall can both be reached.
room service is also provided.
the restaurant serves mediterranean cuisine fused with sicilian flavours.
eau claire, wisconsin is 25 minutes’ drive from the property.
the unit fitted with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
the daily breakfast is continental and includes neapolitan specialities such as rum baba and pastiera cake.
at costa brava you will find a fitness centre.
there is a full kitchen, with a dishwasher and a microwave, and private bathrooms with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
opening onto a terrace and a small tropical garden, this stylish hotel offers charming rooms with italian bed linen and towels, flat-screen tvs, and tea and coffee-making facilities.
start your day with an abundant breakfast buffet, which includes fresh croissants and fresh fruit.
there is a free public parking on site.
guests can enjoy a selection of international dishes at julia mía restaurant overlooking the garden and outdoor swimming pool.
services at a surcharge, offered at gt villa astoria apartments include bicycle and car rentals.
the centre of sofia is set 1 km away.
the property is located 8 km away from indira gandhi international airport. the shopping hub of connaught place is just 1 km away. old delhi railway station is about 40 km away from the property.
private bathrooms have a bathtub, hairdryer and toiletries.
château de st picq is located in the top of a hill, a 4-minute drive from the centre of bérenx.
the bathroom has a shower and toilet.
towels and bed linen are available in this holiday home.
the closest train station is frisvadvej station, only 400 metres away.
breakfast is offered in buffet style every morning.
opera national de lyon is 2 km from part-dieu - rize - le lit des gones, while parc de la tête d'or is 2.2 km away.
set close to woods and surrounded by the greenery, agriturismo la sorgente offers rustic-style rooms and a restaurant using home-grown produce.
there is a safe, private bathroom and a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
it offers free wi-fi in all areas and elegantly decorated apartments with a balcony or patio.
a refrigerator and microwave are also featured in each room.
the historic pelourinho neighbourhood a 15-minute walk from barbalho house.
hotel garni rauch offers comfortable rooms, some of which have a balcony.
scholars hotel pingjiangfu suzhou is located in the heart of ancient suzhou city, 500 metres from suzhou zoo.
ipswich best western is located 5 minutes’ drive from ipswich town centre.
in addition, they feature a living area with a sofa, a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub or shower.
the residencia offers accommodation to all members of the educational or university community.
it offers free wifi, free on-site private parking, as well as a restaurant, bar and terrace.
the studios and apartments also feature a fully equipped kitchen.
the property offers free parking.
rooms come with a tv and minibar.
forest park is a 20-minute drive away.
a sweet breakfast featuring coffee, tea, croissants and juices is offered daily.
its rooms are non-smoking and they all have en suite bathrooms and satellite tv. some units also have well equipped kitchens with dining areas or equipped with air conditioning.
fine swiss cuisine is served in the restaurant. you can choose from 3 lakeside terraces.
panaji is 27 km from morjim queen beach resort, while candolim is 21 km from the property.
the rooms overlook either the surrounding hills or the river moselle.
the siviez bus stop is 50 metres away.
other facilities include a garden, a bookable sauna and a free internet computer.
las palmas de gran canaria is 44 km from finca el moral, while puerto rico is 7 km from the property.
surrounded by a forest and meadows and quietly located 6 km from the centre of eben and the a10 motorway exit and a 15-minute drive from the flachau and flachauwinkel/zauchensee ski area, biobauernhof möslehenhof offers free wifi, a ski storage room, a small outdoor pool, a playground for children and a small petting zoo and farm animals.
mccarran international airport is located 6 km away.
decorated in warm tones, this apartment is fitted with wooden furnishings.
boulder city quality inn is within 2 miles of the boulder city - hoover dam museum and lake mead national recreation area.
a microwave, hob, coffee machine and kettle can be found in the kitchen, as well as a washing machine.
some units of konya is-der feature private bathrooms, whereas some offer shared ones.
hotel building includes a bank and casino.
the motel’s dining and living areas are for guests to share.
the non-smoking leitner’s hotel garni provides spacious rooms and apartments with flat-screen tv and contemporary-style furniture.
the kataraxtis kakis skalas waterfalls are just 500 metres away.
guests staying at the hotel have free use of the sauna, solarium, and fitness facilities at the orange fitness club, just 2 km away
free wi-fi is available in the lounge.
the town of split with the unesco-listed diocletian’s palace, ferry port and bus and train stations can be reached within 15 km.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
featuring a spa bath, private bathrooms also come with a shower.
for children there is a playground with a swing and a sandpit.
all of the rooms in the hotel are en suite with a tv.
supermarkets, restaurants and bars are nearby.
this accommodation offered two spacious bedrooms with air conditioning and a cable tv. private bathrooms come with shower facilities.completed with a sofa set, the seating area is fitted with a flat-screen tv, cable channels and a cd player. there is a seating set at that the patio.
a flat-screen tv with access to cable channels is equipped in each room at the motel 6 denton.
activities in the surroundings include cycling, horse riding, fishing and skiing.
at me arriendan santa lucia guests will find barbecue facilities, an outdoor pool and a terrace. other facilities include laundry facilities.
bourg-saint-maurice train station is 200 metres from the property and chambéry airport is 113 km away.
additional features include free private parking on site and air conditioning.
the apartments in tyrolean style offer satellite tv, a living area with a kitchenette, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
munich international airport is 122 km from the property.
complimentary wi-fi access is provided.
the hotel's courtyard cafe serves an american breakfast every morning.
all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge. a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
the rooms feature air conditioning, fridge and tv. some room come with a seating area.
such as free wifi internet access, yet also tastefully decorated in a classic style.
trani is 34 km from guesthouse sistemi, while polignano a mare is 44 km from the property.
cookware and dishware are provided and free wi-fi is included.
vigo airport is 56 km away.
albergue de olinda has practical male and female dormitories for up to 4 people, all equipped with private lockers and fan.
free private parking is available on site.
the guest cottage at casa azul offers a full kitchen and dining area. a separate seating area with a satellite tv and a sofa are also featured.
the hotel’s free bikes enable you to explore with ease.
each accommodation is air-conditioned and features a wardrobe and a bathroom with a shower.
windermere village has a variety of shops, restaurants, and pubs are located a 2-minute walk away.
for your comfort, you will find bathrobes and slippers.
guests are offered air-conditioned accommodation with a dvd player.
all rooms at fjellpensjonat helgatun feature views of the kvan valley and the mountains.
it is just 10 minutes’ walk from sitges beach.
free private parking is provided on site and the a4 motorway is just a 10-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is varna airport, 31 km from villa nicolas balchick.
the 1-bedrooom apartment is decorated in a contemporary style and includes a living room with a flat-screen tv.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
private parking, laundry services and safes are some of the services offered on site; some of these services might have an extra charge.
local bus with frequent lines around the town stops just 100 metres away.
guests will find a terrace.an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including diving and snorkelling.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
the accommodation offers barbecue facilities, terrace, washing machine and a hot tub with capacity for two persons.
cable tv with hbo is included in every room at america's best value inn douglasville.
in summer, a barbecue evening is hosted once a week in case of good weather.
a homemade breakfast is included and a bbq is available.
the property is 300 metres from błyskawica museum ship 200 metres from kosciuszki square and 550 metres from the city beach.
at venzel mini hotel you will find a shared kitchen.
the mansion of san jacopo offers free private parking on site, and is a 30-minute drive from pisa.
free internet access is available in public areas and free private parking is available on site.
the panoramic views are also available from the restaurant with surrounding veranda and the swimming pool with sun terrace.
the hotel's attractive garden with pond is the ideal spot for a tea of coffee break.
this holiday home is 69 km from galileo galilei airport in pisa.
water sports and fishing are available at the lake thun.
each apartment includes a flat-screen tv and sofas.
this sedona, arizona hotel has laundry and barbecue facilities available.
arlington national cemetery is 5 miles away.
free wifi access is available.
the property offers sauna, hot tub and sunbed.
the terrace includes barbecue facilities and an outdoor dining table.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
located 2.7 km from via zamboni, appartamento musica offers pet-friendly accommodation in bologna. the unit is 3.1 km from piazza maggiore.
a 1-bedroom apartment, le cardinal offers a bathroom with a spa bath, a hairdryer, free toiletries and a bathrobe.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer in every unit.
alex&george hotel is situated next to the popular sigma commercial center.
for its climate and its geographic position, liguria is the ideal location for a pleasant stay throughout the year.
this guest house offers guests a shared kitchen and is conveniently located 400 metres from praia do boqueirão beach, in rio de janeiro.
set in paris, appartment sedaine offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the apartment is 700 metres from opéra bastille.
free wi-fi is provided throughout the chedi club.
best known for its natural springs, baños de montemayor is located in the foothills of sierra de béjar.
a continental breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room.
this hotel dates back to 1906 and is located near the beach in sandvig, only 2.5 km from the 13th-century ruins of hammershus.
guests staying at francisco are 2.2 km from the golf country club and 9.3 km from la libertad refinery.
hairdryers can be requested.
holiday home baunebjergvej hvide sande denmark is located in hvide sande.
each comes with a bathroom equipped with a shower, as well as a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
there is a bus stop located just a short walk from the farm, while tirana airport is 240 km away.
a single-space parking garage is available.
the property offers free parking.
the kitchen features a microwave.
the prehistoric caves of kent’s cavern are a 15-minute walk away, while the 12th-century torre abbey is 5 minutes’ drive away. abbey park and torquay rail station are 5 minutes away by car.
other specialities available at landhaus fühldichwohl include wood-smoked ham, meat pie with apple and home-made apple brandy.
air-conditioned rooms and apartments here include a tv, extra long beds, and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
private parking.
the en suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub.
the bar is the perfect place for a relaxing evening drink.
the beaches of ammousa and afteli are at 7 km and 5 km respectively.
a business center, laundry facilities and free parking are also available.
bodenseegästehaus is a 15-minute walk from the harbour, beach and shops.
each room here will provide you with a cable tv, a seating area and desk.
other facilities include a tv, wood-burning stove and washing machine.
situated in tyumen, аks apartments offer free wifi.
amolls restaurant i habitacions offers spacious, air-conditioned rooms in the centre of the la garrotxa nature reserve.
bolzano is 10 km from jenesien gasthof.
toiletries, bathrobes and a hairdryer are provided in the private bathroom.
free private parking is possible on site.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar which opens daily from 08:00 to 00:00.
nice airport is just 5 km away.
rooms are decorated simply and feature a tv and a desk.
laundry and concierge services are also available.
all rooms have free wi-fi and a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 61 km from apartment on ochakovtsev 35.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 10 km from the property.
hotel ionian princess suites offer free wi-fi connection and free private parking on site.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
the nearest airport is al massira airport, 37 km from the property.
the area is popular for golfing and snorkelling.
downtown salt lake city and its many attractions are just minutes away.
offering an outdoor pool, guest house pani sofia is located in yakornaya shchel, a 2-minute walk from black sea beach.
the nearest airport is john wayne airport, 16 km from the property.
rooms and suites at le meridien madina are tastefully decorated and include satellite tv and marble bathrooms complete with bath tub and shower.
the apartment is air-conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv, a seating area and a full kitchenette that includes a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and kitchenware.
free wifi access is available.
the property is 8.1 km from tijuca forest national park and 9.8 km from vidigal beach.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment lenina 157 - 83.
a bus stop is 300 metres away and the fertőd castle is 14 km away.
public transport (bus and train) is available for free in the upper engadine region.
restaurants are available within 500 metres of the hotel, while guests can reach the area’s natural water parks in a 15-minute drive.
it features a terrace with panoramic views and a private beach with a parking lot on the shore of lake wolfgang.
the rooms offer garden views and are equipped with tea and coffee facilities.
the on site restaurant serves a selection of international dishes.
kissamos town is situated 30 km from blue pearl villa.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
there is also a lounge with a gallery which overlooks the square below.
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a children’s playground, free bikes and free wi-fi access are at your disposal on site.
some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
a supermarket can be found 250 metres from the house and a restaurant is 600 metres away.
laundry services and free private parking are possible at hostel maribo.
houston city centre is 30 miles from the hotel.
christopher st – sheridan square underground station is 2 minutes’ walk.
accommodation at laranjeiras hostel includes dormitories with shared bathrooms, and private double rooms with en suite bathrooms and air conditioning.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
lecce is 8 km from b&b le amazzoni, while gallipoli is 46 km away.
free private parking is offered on site.
this property is 3 km from the seafood market and 1.5 km from the society café.
guests can go cycling with a couple of travel mates, read a book in the quiet library, or have a barbecue party in the garden.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas and there is a free public parking on site.
next to the pool, guests can enjoy a terrace with sun loungers, a dining table and bbq facilities.
nino's apartment offers accommodation in tbilisi city. the apartment is 1.1 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre.
tancredo neves bridge is 5 km away.
guests also have access to a common kitchen with a dining area, refrigerator and dishwasher.
free private parking is possible on spot.
at surya home stay you will find a garden and a bar.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing.
le morne is 19 km from thalie 5, while balaclava is 74 km away.
set just 300 metres from the beach, hakerem luxury suites offers modern-style accommodation fitted with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
the dorms have lockers.
bayterek monument is 3.5 km from baraev hostel, while congress hall is 1.2 km from the property.
linhares bus station is situated just 2,5 km away.
izhevsk airport is 11 km away.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
guests can also relax on dawn beach, receive an en-suite massage or hire their own private chef.
the terrace includes a table and chairs.
free wi-fi is provided in each room at ashton guest house, as well as an en suite bathroom, flat-screen tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
rimini's most popular nightlife and shopping areas are within walking distance.
the hotel is a 5-minute walk from la scala theatre and via montenapoleone shopping street.
the historic city of kassel with its unesco attractions is a 45-minute drive away.
at international travellers' hostel you will find a terrace, a garden and bistro. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge/tv area with card and board games and a vegetarian friendly kitchen facility.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
a garden and barbecue facilities are available.
the private bathroom is stocked with slippers, hairdryer, toiletries and bathrobes.
this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars, buses, and trains.
helsinki olympic stadium is 800 metres from töölö apartment, while finlandia hall is 1.8 km from the property.
all carpeted units have a wardrobe and heating.
equipped with free wi-fi and flat-screen tvs, guest rooms are bright and have an elegant décor.
a continental breakfast is served in moderna’s restaurant.
vending machines with refreshments are available as well.
hotel accommodations and features include, free airport transportation, free newspaper, free local calls and free wi-fi.
the 16th-century hotel villa ciconia offers an outdoor pool set in gardens overlooking the chiani river.
ironing facilities and a safety deposit box are also provided.
the resort also offers bike hire and car hire.
there are lighter options including toast, cereals, fruit and yoghurt.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning, and guests can have a drink in the bar.
rooms include flat-screen tvs, telephones and tea/coffee-making facilities.
located in a modernised, pre-war wooden building, willa józefinka offers accommodation in the spa resort krynica zdrój.
at hotel los volcanes you will find an airport shuttle from the hotel to the airport, a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
the area is known for the northern lights and for fishing.
athens is 20 km away.
it features fully furnished holiday house with a separate living and dining area.
ngurah rai international airport is a 20-minute drive from hostel nau here, while the legian beach is a 10-minute drive away.
air-conditioned rooms at al barco include wooden floors and satellite tv.
a daily american breakfast is included.
a continental breakfast is provided each morning.
a small grocery shop is just beside the property and a restaurant can be found 100 metres away.
some local alcoholic or non-alcoholic drinks are offered free of charge at the lobby bar.
gananoque golf and country club is 1.7 km from the motel.
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
a continental breakfast is available for guests staying on a b&b package.
free wifi access is available in some of the rooms.
breakfast at the santoni is continental style, including a selection of fresh pastries and bread.
piedra blanca is a modern and elegant villa in sayulita, an unspoilt location with beautiful beaches.
the hostel’s bright rooms are decorated in different colours.
before heading outdoors, enjoy a delicious breakfast, included in your room price.
guests can relax on the terrace. there is also a shared kitchen.
the cathedral, a ferry port with links to the aegadian islands, and trapani train station are within 1 km of the property.
holiday home nøddehaven oksbøl denm is located in oksbøl.
in the town of west-vleteren, an easy walking distance from cote west de bel-étages, you can visit a number of restaurants and cafés.
you can access antalya airport after a 1-hour drive.
each comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
a shared lounge area with flat-screen cable tv is available.
the volcanic landscape surrounding le grand hôtel is perfect for hiking.
at dar moucha you will find a spa and wellness centre. other facilities like a restaurant, an ironing service and a laundry are offered.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and kitchenware.
the bandaranaike international airport is located 73 km away.
rooms at pousada do marquês have tasteful white interiors with colourful oil paintings.
a sauna is provided at a surcharge.
hotel duy anh hanoi is a 20-minute walk from dong xuan market and the weekend night market. it is a 5-minute walk from ho chi minh mausoleum, one pillar pagoda and the temple of literature.
it offers modern rooms with free wifi.
the premiere classe niort est la creche makes an excellent stopover or a base for exploring the poitou-charentes region by car.
you will find a 24-hour front desk which can assist guests with currency exchange, luggage storage and tour arrangements.
blue church is 800 metres from kristály apartman, while heart of jesus church is 100 metres from the property.
featuring free wifi, internacional hotel offers accommodation in juiz de fora's city centre.
hiyala inn features free wifi throughout the property.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
free wifi is available throughout.
air-conditioned rooms each feature cable tv, a microwave, fridge and telephone.
set in a historic building on the island of torcello, b&b ca' torcello offers a furnished garden and free wi-fi throughout.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
the property offers free parking.
the village of torhout is located close to some medieval castles and beautiful forests.
501 east is one of boca raton resort’s casual on-site restaurants, offering american dishes and a patio with views of the golf course.
vanha nyyssölä is located in ähtäri, 48 km from keuruu.
guests can relax on comfortable sofa or enjoy views of the sea or the forest from spacious balcony or terrace.
there is also a bathroom with a shower.
a few steps from alghero's historic centre, actinia accommodation is a 10-minute walk from san michele church and the harbour.
this resort is on the east coast of spain, in the province of castellón.
premiere classe fleury merogis offers comfortable and affordable accommodation south of orly airport with easy access to the a6 motorway and the n104.
the property offers free monitored parking.
at genipabu praia hotel you will find a 24-hour reception, a garden and a terrace.
on-site chikubu restaurant serves both western and japanese meals for lunch and dinner.
the centre of kastoria town is 7 km away.
the property is respectively a 10-minute drive from lake bilancino, and 4 km from the untouched nature of the gabbianello nature reserve.
this house offers four bedrooms and accommodates twelve people.
the resort has an outdoor pool, children's playground and sun terrace.
located in misiones, argentina, 500 metres from the paraná river, right in the middle of posadas and puerto iguazú cities, hotel paris offers free internet access and breakfast. a garden and a small fitness centre are featured.
there are water sports facilities 150 metres away, including boat rental, jet skis and diving centre.
activities at vanha nyyssölä include billiard and hiking.
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom. a tv with satellite channels and dvd player is provided.
the 24-hour front desk offers concierge and currency exchange services.
maple syrup is produced and sold on site.
these holiday apartments offer a fully equipped kitchen, a private bathroom for each bedroom and views of mountains and valleys.
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator, oven and kitchenware.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
a continental breakfast is provided each morning at villa shambhala.
the tamarit apartments are situated in a quiet, residential area.
the apartment’s kitchen is equipped with a microwave, a fridge and a stove. kitchenware and a dishwasher are also provided.
it features a living room with sofas, a washing machine and tumble dryer. the private bathroom is fitted with a bath and there is also an additional bathroom.
towels and bed linen are offered at 28 de julio.
ferienhaus grubhof is located on a south-facing hill, 3 km from the centre of saalbach, and offers you a petting zoo, en-suite rooms and apartments, and in winter it features a spacious sauna area.
several restaurants and cafés are within a 5-minute walk of the vladimirsky dvorik.
kyukokan sun palace is a 15-minute walk from the shikinaen garden, and a 20-minute drive from the shuri castle.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 60 km from radhabai guest house.
free wifi is available.
free wifi access is available in this non-smoking homestay and guests have access to the shared kitchen and living room.
a traditional breakfast with cretan products is prepared every day.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
certain units have a seating area for your convenience. every room has a shared bathroom.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
it features an outdoor pool and free wi-fi in public areas.
cádiz train station and the city’s main conference centre is less than 2 km away.
the mixed dormitories feature a desk.
each is pet friendly and provides tea and coffee making facilities.
in the heart of clacton-on-sea’s vibrant seafront, just a 5-minute stroll from the pier, the esplanade hotel provides modern and spacious accommodation.
the rooms are decorated with wooden ceilings and a mix of modern furniture and ethnic details.
the hotel also offers car hire.
pré-saint-didier, a spa town, is 15 minutes away by car.
offering a balcony with mountain views, all of the rooms at chalet hotel marie blanche feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a telephone.
a 15-minute walk from jamaâ el fna, riad rita offers patio with a seating area, fountain and swimming pool.
guests can relax by the pool which is equipped with sun loungers and parasols.
guests can enjoy rafting on tara river, a tour of the museums and excursions to kotor bay that can be organised by the owners.
free private parking is provided on site.
the property offers free parking.
bright and airy, all rooms open to a balcony or patio with aegean sea or garden views. they are fitted with green wood furnishings and come equipped with a tv, fridge and kettle.
a tv is offered.
male is just a 10-minute speedboat ride from hulhumale ferry terminal, which is only a 5-minute drive from the property.
offering panoramic views over mount ziria and the corinthian gulf, it features stylish accommodation with fireplaces with free logs and 32-inch lcds.
the daily sweet and savoury breakfast is served at the trattoria al grop next door.
milan linate airport is 13 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
they also have a private terrace and garden.
staff are available 24 hours a day and free parking is available on site.
free private parking is possible at a location nearby.
the restaurant offers piedmont specialities that are served out in the garden in july and august.
located only 100 metres from the coast in myndos (gumusluk), a small fishing village on turkey's bodrum peninsula, this boutique hotel features an outdoor pool and free wi-fi.
at urban deca homes condominium, guests can access the club house.
st austell is within 20 minutes’ drive of fowey and 10 minutes from mevagissey.
towels and linens are also provided.
at ocean house villa you will find an airport shuttle.
other restaurants, bars and cafes can also be found within a few steps from the property.
this property also has tennis courts, a gym, kid’s club, spa treatments and can arrange activities such as water sports.
the pension is 2 km from the centre of costeşti, which hosts a range of restaurants and bars.
the villa has an 8x4-metre heated private pool set in a private garden with shaded dining area, plenty of space for sunbeds and beautiful golf course views.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. you will find a kettle in the room. each room has a private bathroom.
it offers mountain views from the 2 balconies, a furnished terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities.
the hotel offers free parking.
the hotel has a terrace and hot tub, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
konstantinopol hotel features a tour desk, which can assist with booking day trips.
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette. a tv is offered.
car rentals and dry cleaning services are also available.
čakovec is 30 minutes' drive away and zagreb airport is 1 hour and 30 minutes' drive from the property.
towels and bed linen are provided.
operating a 24-hour front desk, city hotel is located conveniently within a 6-minute walk from nanjing east road mrt station.
the property offers free private parking on site and a fitness centre.
the private bathroom has a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
some have parquet floors and wi-fi access is available for free at the reception desk.
they are equipped satellite tv and a private bathroom with a bath tub.
for meals, local sri lankan and continental cuisines will be served at villa tangalle lagoon restaurant.
the property has a natural plot (1047m2) and an open and covered terrace with garden furniture, a swing, a sandpit, a slide and a barbecue.
each room at le riad meknes is air-conditioned, has different architectural features and moroccan-style decor.
roeselare centre is a 5-minute drive away.
the apartment includes a well-equipped kitchenette with oven and stovetop.
staff can provide lots of useful tourist information.
sea view resort is located about 100 metres from patnem beach in the south of goa.
featuring a garden with a barbecue, cherry villa is a villa located in paralepa in the läänemaa region.
the nearest restaurants are in 1.0 km and the nearest shops are in 1.0 km.
the kitchen or kitchenette is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
you can also drive to port aventura theme park in only 15 minutes.
you will find a kettle in the room.
free wi-fi is included.
next to each room there is a relaxation area for your convenience.
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and a bath or shower.
saint-florent’s harbour is 1 km away.
you can start the day with an italian-style breakfast, which includes sweet pastries and croissants with hot drinks.
the orrefors glassworks and astrid lindgren's world theme park are less than a 1-hour drive away.
there is free on-site parking at the property.
a fitness centre and and hot tub are provided on site.
guests can check e-mails at the business centre or relax at the full-service neoveda spa, which offers massage services and a steam room. there is also a shop selling a range of items including hand-woven scarves, an assortment of teas and aromatherapy oils.
el dorado international airport is 12 km away.
the property is 5 km from luer market and occheuteal beach.
it offers modern air-conditioned apartments with a fully equipped kitchenette.
children under 11 stay for free.
the living room includes a sofa, tv with cable channels and dining area.
bath towels and bed linens are available for rent.
centrally located in loano, hotel villa mary is 1 km from the city’s train station.
massages and treatments can be booked.
a breakfast is offered daily and is served on the terrace, the patio or in the lounge.
all 4 bedrooms offer a double bed and modern, bright décor.
the nearest airport is antalya airport, 59 km from the property.
the junction restaurant & lounge is the property's onsite restaurant. traditional american cuisine is offered.
they also have a fan and a good-sized private bathroom.
regional cuisine is also available at the property’s restaurant.
the elegant on-site bar provides a good selection of wines and spirits.
it boasts stunning views of the mooloolah river.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
soft drinks, hot drinks, beer and wine is available from the vending machines in the common room.
located 600 metres from dolby theater and 1.3 km from hollywood bowl, hollywood modern penthouse offers accommodation in los angeles.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
free wifi is provided and the apartment has city views.
every room has a private bathroom.
sunbathing on a sun terrace, there is shuttle service available at choeng mon garden- 2 bedrooms villa 10.
free public parking is available at a location nearby.
guests can rent a small boat suitable for sightseeing, while canoeing is available on site.
marina di campo airport is located 15 km from the property.
sforzesco castle is 1 km away.
sri dalada maligawa is 1.4 km from 2in1 kandy hostel, while kandy museum is 1.4 km away.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the apartment comes with a seating area, tiled floors and fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator.
rafael núñez international airport is 10 km away.
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
guest of guesthouse pm can make use of luggage storage, a tour desk and laundry service.
free parking is provided at this haven inn & suites as well.
the restaurant serves both local and international dishes.
a refrigerator with minibar and a work desk are provided.
some units also include a kitchenette with cooking rings, where guests can prepare a quick meal.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
a work desk and a wardrobe feature in all rooms at hostel kemijärvi.
guests can head to hotel han river’s 24-hour front desk for assistance with laundry, airport shuttle and currency exchange services.
featuring free wifi, hostel drevny pskov offers accommodation in pskov. private parking is available on site.
some rooms also offer tea and coffee making facilities and river views.
apartment klea also includes a fitness centre and outdoor pool.
the lobby is open 24 hours.
huazhong university of science and technology is 5 km away from the property.
the self-catering studio comes with country-style décor and includes a lounge area with satellite tv and ipod docking station. there is a fully-equipped kitchen with dishwasher.
the hotel consists of 52 nicely decorated rooms equipped with air conditioning, fridge and tv.
the katra bus station is 1 km.
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
lembah impian resort is a 20-minute drive from kota kinabalu airport and tanjung aru railway station.
free private parking is available on site.
located in the historic town of dover, in new hampshire's renowned seacoast region, this hotel provides friendly service along with many modern conveniences, such as free high-speed internet access.
zagreb's main bus station is only 300 metres away and many tram lines pass right in front of the hotel, getting you to the centre within 5 minutes.
guest can also relax with a drink at the bar.
gelendzhik airport is 22 km from the property.
a casa di mei rome is 35 metres from vittorio emanuele metro stop, while the coliseum is a 15-minute walk away.
el prat royal golf club is 2.5 km from the property.
a buffet breakfast is prepared every morning at le petit coq aux champs and you can enjoy a drink from the bar.
guests who wish to explore the area, can make use of the hotel’s car rental facilities.
airport shuttle is available, at a surcharge.
guests are offered with a variety of dining options nearby such as bars, pubs and restaurants serving asian and western cuisine.
the nearest restaurant can be found 200 metres from penzion modul, as well as the closest grocery shop and café.
designer style décor and a swimming pool are offered in the trendy palermo soho neighbourhood.
on the sands of the beautiful praia do espelho beach, this charming guest house offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, a patio and garden or sea views. a regional restaurant, bar and various services are available.
there are also cottages which include a terrace, seating area and a fully equipped kitchen.
kuk is located in fanø vesterhavsbad. the accommodation is suitable for eight guests.
featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
buffet breakfast is available daily from 06:00 to 10:00 and can be booked on arrival.
some can accommodate up to 5 people.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
guests may relax on the sun loungers of the sun terrace by the pool.
the property is equipped with a 24-hour front desk and an outdoor pool.
the rustic interiors feature terracotta floors and exposed wooden beams on the ceiling.
casa colonial is a quaint red and white guest house decorated with ornamental grids and palm trees in the el prado district.
ferienwohnung fahrmair is located a 5-minute walk from the centre of kramsach and offers you fully equipped apartments with a balcony.
the accommodation provides a tv, a terrace and a hot tub.
a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a seating area with a sofa and a cable flat-screen tv, and hardwood flooring are offered in the apartment. the bathroom boasts a shower, bath, and free toiletries.
guests of ferienhof esterhammer can relax in a sauna and a solarium, play table tennis, and use the barbecue facilities in the garden.
they comprise a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with a seating area and a private bathroom.
each evening, you can dine in one of the complex’s restaurants, where you can enjoy buffet-style meals.
lucca is 42 km from casa fontegrande, while montecatini terme is 42 km from the property. galileo galilei airport is 36 km away.
offering ample privacy in a modern, styling private villa, nai harn villas is located 1.25 km from nai harn lake, 1.39 km from phuket seashell museum and 3.16 km from promthep cape.
others offered include ticketing services and car rentals.
hong kong international airport is 24 km away.
this private 3-bedroom villa features living and dining areas and 2 bathrooms.
the city of castelo branco is 34 km away and one of the oldest villages of portugal, monsanto is 34 km away.
located only 400 metres from rio de janeiro's famous copacabana beach, villa budget hostel features free wifi and a daily breakfast included.
seaworld, universal studios and mgm studios are minutes away. a number of shopping centers and restaurants are also located within walking distance of the hotel.
church of the holy family is 3.8 km from apartment on kamennaya, while maraunenhof is 3.9 km from the property.
villa ida bed & breakfast includes a large garden with a pool and barbeque facilities.
dubrovnik airport is 16 km away.
each well-equipped apartment has a private balcony or terrace and most have a view on the north sea.
with wood beamed ceilings and hand-made terracotta tiles, the villa comes with a living room with a glass window opening onto the garden.
the historical center of limassol is only 1 km away and limassol marina is at 1.5 km.
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
the modern chalets feature a dining area and a furnished terrace with barbecue facilities.
la palma airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
the saadian tombs are 15 minutes away by foot.
this is just 2 stops from hamburg’s chh exhibition centre.
the property offers free parking.
quietly located in green surroundings, b&b dor de bucovina features a restaurant serving traditional dishes, while rooms have a tv and access to a shared kitchen.
both properties include air conditioning and a kitchen.
with an extra cost, you can rent electric bicycles and massages can be organised.
a microwave, fridge and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at hilton garden inn ft worth alliance airport.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
on less active days, you can enjoy the garden’s sunbathing area.
decorated with warm colours and iron beds, all the air-conditioned units at the ostria studios have a flat-screen tv, fridge and views to adamas town.
some rooms have a balcony and other have a terrace.
featuring free wifi, guest house poseidon offers accommodation in olginka. free private parking is available on site.
tbilisi international airport is 18 km away.
entirely renovated in 2013, residence balaton wellness hotel is located in quiet surroundings, featuring a private beach with a snack and cocktail bar only 150 metres away and its own, modern spa area.
free parking is provided at ferienweingut arnold thiesen.
ask at reception for ticket and transfer arrangements.
there is also a large dining hall with a dance floor for special events and parties.
guests at san francesco can enjoy a sweet breakfast buffet including coffee, fruit juice and cakes.
a 2-minute walk will take you to a grocery shop and to a restaurant.
javea’s beach and town centre are less than 3 km away.
activities in the surrounding area include table tennis and squash.
apartament inzhir on rabochiy 26 offers accommodation in sochi, 2 km from rivyera park. apartament inzhir on rabochiy 26 features views of the city and is 2.2 km from green theatre.
allianz riviera stadium is 5 km from villa in nice ii, while russian orthodox cathedral is 200 metres away.
the property has 2 family rooms with antique-style furniture, garden views and a seating area.
kitchenette facilities and dining area are also provided.
free bicycles are available as well.
towels and bed linen are included.
free wifi is featured .
each room includes a flat-screen tv. all rooms have a shared bathroom.
galeão international airport is located 19 km away.
a ski bus stop is 500 metres away and offers connections to the dachstein west ski area, 18 km away.
horseback riding can be organised 10 km away, while paintball can be arranged 15 km away.
reservations are recommended.
moskovsky train station is 8.5 km from men'k kings hotel, and dvortsovaya ploshchad square with the hermitage museum is 30 minutes' drive away.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
as a guest of the zsófia panzió pápa you will get a 10% discount on the admission fee for the thermal bath.
free public parking is available on site.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
they include an en suite bathroom and are warmly decorated.
each has a private bathroom with a shower.
located between tianhe north business area and nanhu tourist area, unkai hotel is 500 metres from tonghe subway station and a 15-minute drive from pazhou complex and zhujiang new town.
the air-conditioned rooms come with modern and elegant interiors.
the hotel is 3.0 km from sanford usd medical center.
each room has a private bathroom with a bathtub or shower.
ipatevsky monastery is a 15-minute drive away.
arpad bath is 2.5 km from the hotel.
tekapo retreat offers accommodation in lake tekapo, 41 km from twizel.
offering a sun terrace and a private beach area, freddies santai sumurtiga is located in sabang in the sumatra region, 38 km from banda aceh.
the areitbahn cable car us 1.5 km away and zell am see’s centre is within 2 km. the closest restaurants and supermarkets are a 10-minute walk from bergheim-eckelhart.
there is a tv lounge, with a fireplace, where guests can enjoy a film on dvd.
gold coast airport is a 25-minute drive away.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available daily, and gluten-free products are available on request.
a grocery shop is just 200 metres away.
each of the rooms at hotel forellengasthof waldeck comes equipped with a balcony, a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
an indoor pool and hot tub are available at madison hotel sheraton.
hiking trails and a small creek are only 50 metres away.
breakfast is provided daily.
set in bedrichov, 250 metres from the malinovka ski resort, pension rafael offers a garden with barbecue facilities and a children’s playground with a trampoline. free wi-fi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site.
valencia airport is located 12 km away.
at kaikeo guesthouse guests can find assistance from the staff at the 24-hour front desk.
some rooms have a shared bathroom and a balcony with city views.
set in a restored 14th-century building, this hotel offers a spa with a steam bath and sensation showers for an extra cost.
free wifi access is available in each guest room.
the restaurants and nightlife at st lawrence gap are 1 km away.
badou youth hostel is 2.5 km from guangzhou east railway station and 6 km from guangzhou railway station.
free wi-fi and a tv with satellite channels is offered in each room.
located in koktebel, apartment on dolinny 17 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
featuring a terrace, the accommodation offers a mountain view.
free parking is possible nearby.
warsaw’s city centre is 11 km away and it can be easily reached by public transport.
familienhotel petschnighof features a small petting zoo and a children’s playground with a large trampoline.
various cafes and bars are a 15-minute walk from obolon hotel.
towels are featured.
it offers modern accommodation with 3 dining options, free parking and free internet.
many restaurants and bars are reachable within a short walk from the property.
nestled on a historic country estate, slaney manor boasts beautifully landscaped private grounds, free wi-fi, free parking, and views of the slaney river.
en suite bathrooms come with a hairdryer, shower facilities and free toiletries.
georgia studios is situated 30 metres from the central square of fira in santorini and just 150 metres from the restaurants and bars of caldera.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
paid secured parking in underground garages is available.
each bedroom features a walk-in closet and a private bathroom.
pines motel armidale is less than 5 minutes’ drive from armidale showground, armidale railway station and armidale racecourse.
this is a 2-room apartment 30 m2 on the 1st floor located in the district of de la pinède, 2 km from the centre, in a quiet position, 1.3 km from the beach.
featuring a private terrace, each room in duarsa homestay is fan-cooled and fitted with a tv. a private bathroom with shower facilities is available in all rooms.
a buffet breakfast including bread, eggs, fruits, jams, cheese varieties, salami, olive, tea, coffee and milk is served daily.
the property is 4 km from copacabana beach.
this family-run villa is 10 km from asolo and an hour's drive from venice's historic centre.
the air-conditioned units include a seating area, desk and a flat-screen tv. a tour map of hengchun peninsula for free use is provided in each guestroom.
guests receive a bestzeit card, which offers reduced prices for ski passes and ski rentals, and discounted purchases in selected sport shops.
the commercial areas of rua augusta and chiado are 2 km away and lisbon international airport is 8.4 km away.
the apartments' kitchens are equipped with all necessary cutlery and crockery and also include a dishwasher.
breakfast at the mediterraneo is served on the terrace in fine weather.
mei lan xian ya ju inn is 1.5 km from baishamen park. it is 26 km from haikou railway station. haikou meilan international airport is about 27 km away.
towels and bed linen are featured.
you are also welcome to use the shared barbeque facilities.
decorated in provençal style, all rooms feature a wardrobe, fan, ironing facilities and heating.
tripoli is 36 km from houdis houses, while argos is 25 km from the property.
just 20 metres from the beach in rimini's viserba area, hotel nadia is less than 4 km from the fiera di rimini exhibition centre.
oostende and the beach are 40 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
taksim metro station is only a 10-minute walk from the property.
the heated rooms are spacious and bright and include a tv and views of the surrounding countryside.
a fully-equipped kitchen and en suite bathroom are also included.
grand hotel is located 5 blocks from catamarca ́s main square and 22 km from the airport.
the peterlungerhof is a working farm in seis am schlern, a 3-minute drive from the seiser alm cable car.
this holiday home offers a terrace and can accommodate up to four guests.
in the village of agia anna, guests can find traditional taverns and seaside cafes.
24-hour room service is provided.
golf club lana is less than 5 km away.
offering a spa centre and a private beach area, the westin shimei bay resort is situated in wanning in the hainan region. guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
stanley theatre is a 5-minute drive from utica red roof inn.
the cottage complex offers a cafe, restaurant and barbecue facilities.
kuta square is 800 metres from hotel sanjaya managed by tinggal, while kuta art market is 1 km away.
guest can enjoy watching dvd films or cable channels.
međugorje is 47 km from the property.
traditional sri-lankan style of cooking using natural firewood is also available.
östersund is 75 minutes’ drive away.
this motel offers a daily hot breakfast to guests and an outdoor pool is on site.
opening to a balcony or terrace, accommodation at the dolphin is self-catered and includes a private bathroom.
guests can enjoy breakfast in the room with world famous colombian coffee and tropical fruits.
free wifi is accessible throughout the premises.
the medieval centre of brasov as well as the train station is 2 km away.
the property is 200 metres from the château fort de lourdes.
the residences and gardens of the royal house of savoy are a 7-minute walk from the il cedro.
ski lift stafelwald - teller is 300 metres from aramis, while ski lift links - kalbermatten i is 400 metres from the property.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
larco mar and jockey plaza shopping malls are a 5-minute drive away.
assi ghat is 1 km from hotel sarweshwary, while harishchandra ghat is 2.9 km away.
rooms at hotel ostrow are attractively furnished and feature a private bathroom with shower.
free wifi is offered .
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and satellite channels. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
some have a private external bathroom, some have an en suite bathroom, and some share one.
on site parking is possible.
free private parking is available at condominios adriana.
kapetan matapas is a charming traditional villa situated in areopolis, within 2 km of the sea.
the air-conditioned rooms all come with a flat-screen tv and some have a terrace.
air conditioning comes standard.
oberlech is completely car-free and can only be reached by cable car from the centre of lech.
they are always available to offer tourist tips and restaurant recommendations, and to book tours, excursions, and car rental.
it offers an outdoor hot-spring bath, free parking and free wi-fi access.
within 100 metres from the property you will find a super market and a bakery.
each room has a tv, telephone, trouser press and tea and coffee facilities.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
a full english or continental breakfast is served each morning.
select rooms have a private bathroom with bathtub and shower, while the dormitory rooms have access to shared bathrooms.
for younger guests, there is a playground and a pool section with slides.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 83 km away.
additional dining options are within walking distance of the motel.
the on-site restaurant serves a variety of thai and western cuisine.
the kamala beachfront apartment is a 30-minute drive from phuket international airport and 10 minutes from kamala village.
wi-fi access and a continental breakfast are available.
guests are welcome to use the barbecue facilities for free in the summer months.
a fitness centre, a business centre and a guest launderette are available on site.
only 2 blocks from viña del mar casino, magnolio offers rooms with shared bathrooms in a house with chic décor common areas with cable tv. wi-fi is free.
it boasts a bar and restaurant and provides free wi-fi and free parking.
baanlay’s restaurant serves a delicious selection of thai and international food.
they also have access to a shared bathroom.
grilled meat and traditional lazio dishes can be enjoyed at the property’s restaurant.
the apartment will provide you with a living/dining room, with a two double sofa beds, an open kitchen, a shower and separate water closet.
the hotel is a 5-minute walk from juguang tower and jincheng bus terminal. kinmen military headquarters of qing dynasty is 10 minutes' walk away it is a 10-minute drive from kinmen airport and shuitou pier.
the hotel offers an indoor pool and rooms with a flat-screen tv.
erzsébet bridge can be reached within 500 metres.
free wifi access is available.
fairmont heliopolis features a casion, 3 tennis courts, and a hot tub. it has 3 swimming pools surrounded by a landscaped garden.
featuring industry-style interior designing, all rooms are fitted with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv. each room has a private bathroom with shower facilities.
the property offers free parking.
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a safe.
casa vacacional will provide you with a fireplace, a sofa bed, a tv with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining table, a seating area, ironing facilities, a washing machine and bathroom with a bath tub and a shower.
you will find a tour desk at the property.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 8 km from the property.
guests can taste classics from turkish and world cuisines and enjoy a drink at on-site bar.
warsaw bridge, the border with poland, is located 1 km away.
almaty train station is about 1.5 km away.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
meals can be prepared in the modern kitchen. it is equipped with a stove, microwave, dishwasher and coffee/tea making facilities.
bello gallico is set in historical tongeren, offering private guest rooms with free access to wifi, a city garden and a terrace.
the studios akrogiali display a beautiful mediterranean style and are fully equipped with kitchen, shower/wc, air conditioning and tv.
hotel les acanthes is a 25-minute drive from avignon or nîmes.
the on-site spa centre and massage service are available at a surcharge.
appartement carlton is located in the centre of chamonix, just 500 metres from the nearest ski lifts.
a children’s playground is available, for the younger guests of the casa da urra.
guests can rent one of the karaoke rooms, relax at the public bath or browse the unique local items sold at the gift shop.
little river memorial hospital is 1 mile from the motel.
shuttle service to and from the airport and the train station is available for surcharge.
hongqiao airport is a 1-hour car journey away. shanghai disneyland can be reached in 23 minutes by car.
bobbejaanland amusement park is a 14-minute journey by car.
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the gdańsk-oliwa train station is 2 km away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
it offers air conditioned rooms with free wifi and free parking.
llwyngwril is half a mile from the property and barmouth, where guests can find shops and restaurants, is located a 40-minute bike ride away.
stargate dining & bar on the top floor features international cuisines.
a spa centre is also available for pampering massages.
appartamento in residence a vulcano is a 5-minute drive from isola di vulcano harbour with service to milazzo and stromboli.
guests can relax on the sun loungers by the pool, or make use of the sauna and fitness centre facilities.
a buffet breakfast is available each morning and includes high-quality pork sausages, free-range eggs and homemade fruit salad.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
every unit features a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
a bar is located at the hotel.
an international menu is served at cafe eight, whilst light refreshments and coffee is available at the lobby lounge. signature cocktails and bar snacks can be enjoyed at the deck bar.
macon loché train station is 31 km away.
cable tv is included in each room at the baymont inn and suites san marcos.
en suite bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities.
guests can enjoy the parkschlössl’s own mini-golf course.
housed in a 300-year-old courtyard in the heart of beijing, leo courtyard features traditional chinese wooden architecture and free wi-fi in the entire property.
a ski pass is available at the front desk.
the property offers free parking.
antalya 61.9 km away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries in every unit. towels are provided.
offering a garden, it is 25 km from mont saint-michel and 20 km from the sea.
ample lounging space is available.
western nebraska community college, western nebraska regional airport and wyo braska wildlife mueseum are within 15 minutes’ drive from the motel.
there is also a dining area and an equipped kitchen with kitchenware and a refrigerator.
massage services can be arranged at guests’ convenience.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including windsurfing, kitesurfing, diving and snorkelling.
guests can enjoy the local shops and shisha cafes at marina walk promenade which is a 1-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
hotel guests can enjoy free wi-fi, free access to the heavenly spa, and a free shuttle to the v&a waterfront.
parking is available for free.
at klub zlata ribica you will find free shuttle service, a garden and a terrace.
there are also nightly shows, as well as children’s activity programme.
hotel on rotornaya is located in kazan, a 5-minute drive from the kremlin and water park, and 800 metres from ametyevo metro station.
the arrayanes hotel has smart bedrooms with views over the sea or surrounding mountains.
you will find a shared kitchen, a shared lounge, gift shop and shops at the property.
all the rooms are simply furnished and fitted with tiled floors.
the property can organize snorkelling, diving and horse riding at extra charge.
wi-fi internet access is available in the complex.
coming with classic designs, the units are equipped with air conditioning, a work desk, a minibar and a flat-screen tv with cable and satellite channels.
featuring a balcony, the accommodation has a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv.
a microwave, refrigerator, kitchenware, and a stovetop can be found in the apartment’s kitchenette.
overlooking tropical gardens, the spacious air-conditioned rooms are fitted with elegant wooden flooring and a four-poster bed.
an italian-style breakfast is offered at a partner bar nearby, and includes coffee plus a sweet or savoury pastry.
delhi international airport is 14 km from the property.
villa florence’s rooms are styled in contemporary italian décor and warm colors.
coin-operated laundry machines are located on site.
there are many restaurants, cafés, bars and shops just a few steps away.
restaurants, shops, and bars are located in the surroundings.
a wide range of activities are available in the region, such as skiing, sledding, hiking and mountain biking.
2 lcd tvs are available, as well as a private bathroom with a shower.
cardiff airport is 87 km away.
medborgarplatsen is just 3 minutes’ walk from the apartments and is the central square of södermalm with many restaurants, shops and bars all around it.
chennai airport is 40 km away.
socorro bus station can also be reached in 5 minutes by car.
rooms include white bedding and large windows.
some also have a balcony.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
there is a chocolate factory only 6 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room.
all rooms at family-run agriturismo la terrafeatures a desk and a small fridge.
piazza bra is 800 metres from appartamento rivamancina, while verona arena is 900 metres away.
a buffet breakfast is served daily, including local products.
a flat-screen tv is provided in the living room and the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave, hotplates and a coffee maker.
the living room includes typical portuguese blue-and-white tiles on the walls, in addition to a sofa and a flat-screen satellite tv.
pirogov hospital is 3.7 km from apartment mur, while tokuda hospital is 3.8 km from the property.
the rooms are traditionally decorated, modern and very comfortable.
each bright apartment has a elegant living room, between 1-3 bedrooms and a balcony or terrace facing the garden.
the classic-style rooms come with wooden floors, a tv, a minibar and a private bathroom with shower.
situated in the centre of the picturesque village of conil de la frontera, hostal la conileña is 800 metres from the beach.
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
each comes with a modern bathroom with a hairdryer.
bavarian and german specialities are served in the gasthaus pension salzberg's restaurant.
dvorets sporta is a 10-minute walk away.
the self-catered apartment comes with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a well-equipped kitchenette and designated dining and seating areas.
.
offering a garden, baumgartners dreiseithof is set in bad krozingen, 14 km from freiburg im breisgau.
tawnhouse in prague is a self-catering accommodation, located in čestlice.
this ultra-stylish hotel is 12 km from central bogota and walking distance from many metro stops.
free wi-fi is provided in the entire building and free private parking is possible on site.
guests can dine in the property’s restaurant, or use on-site barbecue facilities.
holiday home ølstedvej is located in brobyværk.
the spacious apartments have been renovated and fitted with modern furniture.
each comes with a fridge and tea/coffee making facilities.
each has an lcd tv with local and satellite channels, air conditioning and also includes a hairdryer and safe.
the manchester, new hampshire city centre is 20 minutes’ drive away.
all guest rooms feature an en-suite bathroom and a balcony.
guests can enjoy international gourmet dishes in à la carte restaurant l'ecureuil.
apartments at cabañas patagonia camelot are fitted with a fully-equipped kitchen and a living room with a cosy fireplace.
wellness facilities, including a sauna and an outdoor swimming pool are available on request.
pick-up from wengen train station is provided on request.
the avion shopping centre is 4 km away and bratislava airport is located 7 km away.
all units have a tv. some units feature a seating area and/or patio.
shops, bars and restaurants are within 150 metres and salisbury playhouse is less than 10 minutes’ walk from best western red lion hotel.
the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport, 18 km from the property.
also laundry and ironing services can be arranged on request.
lugo is 33 km away.
the feldhof is situated outside the village of scena, in a quite and green area filled with vineyards and apple trees.
city centre rotana doha is the newly opened 5star hotel located in the heart of doha, connected to the city center shopping mall, and mere steps from the new doha exhibition and conference centre.
universitat apartments is 15 km from barcelona el prat airport.
each has a kitchenette with a dining area, refrigerator and hob, and the private bathroom has a bathtub.
each room is fitted with a tea/coffee maker, seating area and private bathroom with a shower.
free wi-fi is available in the business centre.
all rooms are equipped with a tv and king-size bed.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
lake trasimeno is a 45-minute drive away.
featuring free wifi, yulin dvorik offers pet-friendly accommodation in mezhvodnoe.
prestige hotel is 2 km from the centre of kuşadasi which features sights including the caravanserai and the fortress.
the city of thessaloniki is 1 hour’s drive away.
a work desk is included.
massages can be arranged from 20:00-02:00 at the 24-hour reception, which can also store luggage for guests.
enjoy the beachfront location and extensive facilities of this 4-star hotel, located overlooking san lorenzo beach in the charming former fishing village of cala millor.
the apartments and studios come with mountain views, a seating area with cable tv, a kitchen or a kitchenette with a dining area, and a private bathroom with a bath or a shower and a hairdryer.
rooms at las majadas feature a minibar, tv and cd player.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling.
guests can choose between a breakfast buffet or takeaway items.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a 32” flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and each enjoys a parking space right in front of the door.
the restaurant is open only for dinner and serves regional and italian cuisine.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
crowne plaza phuket panwa beach is a 5-minute drive to phuket aquarium.
featuring ancient architecture from 250 years back, soma kerala palace is situated in vembanad backwaters, chempu.
a bakery offering breakfast and snacks for lunch is just steps away.
wifi is free throughout.
the continental breakfast includes pastries and hot drinks.
mandalay villas also includes an outdoor pool.
with free wi-fi throughout, it is just 20 minutes’ walk from dog’s bay beach.
each comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer in the private bathroom, while some feature adriatic sea views.
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport, 46 km from villa zarakes.
each room is equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen cable tv.
children under 10 stay for free when using existing bedding.
the ostrich farm krasi and horseback riding activities can be found 10 km away.
forum mall, koramangala is 1.2 km from delta regency, while brigade road is 5 km away.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player are available in some units.
a microwave oven and coffee-making facilities are included.
this kennewick, washington hotel provides business travelers with conveniences like free wireless high-speed internet access in all rooms and access to fax services.
set in a restored country house from the 1900s, rustic-style apartments here come with a kitchen or kitchenette.
all rooms at hostel onda azul have impressive views of the mountains and garden.
there is also a large terrace with a panoramic view.
other facilities include free wi-fi, bicycle rental and meeting facilities.
the apartments were renovated in 2015 and additionally include a kitchen.
voronok train station is 2.5 km from the property.
the athenee is a 5-minute walk from the basilique saint-sernin and an ideal base for discovering the city of toulouse and the river garonne.
a japanese dinner menu is also served.
set 500 metres from the beach, brama servizez probisix city is located in colombo 6. offering free wi-fi, the air-conditioned apartment is 10 minutes’ walk from wellawatta railway station.
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
guests can sit poolside or enjoy the sun out on the terrace.
medvezha gora ski resort is 2 km from the property, and the palanok castle is 35 km away.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
a fitness centre and business centre are available for guest use.
situated in hua hin, baan klang condo hua hin boasts two outdoor swimming pools and a comfortable apartment.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
free wifi access is available.
situated in the heart of the normandy countryside, auberge saint martin offers comfortable rooms and serves regional cuisine in its traditional restaurant.
mundo hostel tucuman is 150 metres from casa histórica de la independencia museum and 300 metres from independencia square.
the centre of hersonissos is 100 metres away. nikos kazantzakis international airport is 23 km away.
it is the only accommodation at the golden peak of wugong mountain.
a bus to/from cagliari stops 300 metres from the house.
some units feature a seating area where you can relax.
featuring a shower, the bathroom is complete with a hairdryer.
you can enjoy garden view.
spinola bay, in san julian’s is a10-minute walk away.
lokappart - maine is a studio located in paris, right next to montparnasse cemetery.
the property offers free parking.
this property is 3 km from curaçao sea aquarium and 13 km from hato international airport.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing and snorkelling.
a sicilian breakfast made with homemade products can be enjoyed outdoors on the terrace.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
milton keynes train station and the midsummer place shopping centre are both a 10-minute walk away from the hub - city stay apartments.
it offers spacious rooms, unlimited breakfast buffets, and great transport connections.
the curious pig in the parlour is located within a 10-minute drive from horley and a 7-minute drive from east grinstead.
vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on-site.
guests then can relax under an umbrella in the large garden or lay in sun beds enjoying the views.
guests can use the rooftop terrace and free wi-fi connection in public areas.
it is situated in-front of damac properties metro station.
some rooms have a balcony overlooking the dolomites.
there is also a refrigerator, a fan, a desk and a large closet.
all rooms offer cable tv, a minibar, bathrobes and a hairdryer, and a work desk, and most of the units also boast a balcony with impressive mountain views.
located in espoo, aalto inn offers self-catering accommodation, just 6.1 km from iso omena shopping centre. free wifi access is available.
ironing and laundry service are available for a fee.
surrounded by shopping malls, hotel san want is located a 3-minute walk from centre square.
please note: limited number of parking spaces.
just 50 metres from the slopes of the großglockner ski resort and 500 metres from the centre of kals, this farmhouse offers free use of its infrared cabin and free wifi access.
apartments at platana apart hotel feature air conditioning, a balcony and a seating area.
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
piter hotels is located in saint petersburg, within a 10-minute walk of gorkovskaya and petrogradskaya metro stations, providing easy access to any point in the city.
a buffet breakfast is served daily and includes hot drinks, sweet and savoury products.
two hot tubs offer guests a place to relax at paradise cove resort.
situated in sukhum, this air-conditioned holiday home features a patio and a garden.
the fitness king gym 800 metres from the hotel is available for guests to use free of charge.
hotel elys is 10 minutes’ drive from assago mediolanum forum arena.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the guest house is within walking distance of several restaurants and tapas bars.
the bright rooms offer light-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
set amidst lush gardens, in bochali area of zakynthos, the family-run lofos strani features a swimming pool, a snack bar and a sun terrace with sun loungers. facilities also include a children’s pool and a children’s playground.
the award-winning 4,000 m2 spa area includes various saunas, steam baths, and relaxation areas, as well as 2 private spas.
hotel del principado tijuana is situated only a short distance from the numerous shops at plaza rio.
paradise beach is 1.1 km from pension saskia, while aliki beach is 6 km away.
free public transport tickets are provided on request.
offering free wifi and a shared garden, dormirebene b&b offers simply furnished rooms with a tv in the village of belpasso.
the beach is 100m located from the property.
a complimentary buffet breakfast is served each morning in dioni hotel's elegant restaurant.
each day, a freshly prepared buffet breakfast is served on site. dinner is also served as a buffet and a specific cuisine, such as austrian, italian, french or mexican, is offered every evening.
for children there are outdoor games and a playground with a swing and a sandpit.
the rooms are fitted with a desk, some rooms come with a private bathroom with a shower, some with shared bathroom facilities.
sochi is 30 km from hotel lazurniy, while lazarevskoye is 17 km away.
one even has a bathroom with a hydromassage shower.
additional facilities include a free-use barbecue and an outdoor dining area.
santorini water fantasy park is 30 km away.
la grande baie is a sea-side resort overlooking bonne anse bay, 17 km from royan.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv. all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
close by lies lake constance, as well as the swiss and austrian borders.
wifi internet access is available everywhere in the hotel.
free parking is provided.
guests can rent refrigerators from the front desk.
daily maid service is included.
featuring free wifi, simple capsule hotel xi'an bell tower shuyuanmen offers affordable dormitories in xi'an.
palio khaoyai is 6.3 km, while bonanza khaoyai is 8 km from khaoyai panorama resort.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower.
a small shopping centre can be found within 250 metres from the maki. town centre and the main beach are 900 metres away.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is standard in all rooms.
free private parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is varna airport, 14 km from the property.
the hotel is just 1 km from the centre of jacó, while the carara national park and its tropical birds is 10 km away.
the structure is an elegant building, furnished in warm colours within a refined and comfortable décor of chinese fans, a lift decorated with historic carvings and a 19th century secretaire.
a dishwasher, a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the hotel’s position on the rua de santa catarina shopping street offers convenient access to boutiques, bars and eateries.
licata is a 20-minute drive from casa a corte.
apartment shkiperskiy boasts views of the sea and is 1.2 km from lenexpo exhibition complex.
the spacious garden is equipped with bbq facilities, and a business centre is available upon request.
other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
landhaus bonaventura is surrounded by a well-maintained garden with a sunbathing terrace.
towels and bed linen are offered.
electric blankets are provided, along with ironing facilities, hairdryer and shower/bath.
laundry with dry cleaning and luggage storage facilities are available.
on-site parking is free of charge, and the a5 motorway is 10 minutes from here.
the bed and breakfast features a free private parking and a covered parking for bicycles.
the accommodation has a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave and toaster. a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle. there is a private bathroom with a bidet in each unit.
arize hotel sukhumvit is a 2-minute walk from prompong bts skytrain station.
hotel rural porrua has a beautiful natural location in the east of asturias.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
set in a central location, costa del sol wyndham piura features a casino, a swimming pool, a sauna, a hydro-massage tub and a gym.
the property also offers free parking.
you can walk to vilnius railway station in 10 minutes.
fitted with terracotta flooring, each has a satellite tv.
bathroom facilities are shared.
an outdoor swimming pool and sunbeds can also be used at the pürcherhof.
offering an outdoor pool, laguna bay 2 by pattaya suites is located in pattaya south, 2.2 km from walking street pattaya. pattaya viewpoint is 1.3 km from the property.
zadar airport is 6 km away.
the private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
each room here will provide you with a tv and air conditioning. some have a private bathroom.
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a computer are available.
on the eastern coast of western scotland’s cowal peninsula, colintraive hotel enjoys a peaceful village location and has its own pub and restaurant serving local specialities.
guests can enjoy traditional american fare including burgers and hot dogs at amargosa café.
also, there is an on-site restaurant where you can enjoy local dishes.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities, toiletries and slippers.
guests will also find a private bathroom with an open-air shower, a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
zurich airport is reachable within 1 hour by car.
the nearest airport is thira airport, 4 km from phoenix.
all rooms at the weingut gutsschänke rademacher feature satellite tv, and some also include a terrace with great countryside views.
heraklion town and port lie within 20 km from villa andreas, while nikos kazantzakis international airport is at 15 km.
two-bedroom holiday home in børselv offers accommodation in børselv. it provides free private parking.
it is air conditioned and the private bathroom may have a bath or shower.
the accommodation is air conditioned and has a satellite flat-screen tv. each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
le borgia hotel's restaurant has a terrace overlooking the lake and the hotel has a business centre available.
varna airport is located 8 km away.
paignton bus and rail station is only 5 minutes away on foot, and paignton pier can be reached in less than a 5-minute walk.
the breakfast buffet is included.
guests will stay in a private sleeping capsule in a shared space.
hotel am markt provides modern rooms in the peaceful village of velpke, in the heart of the lower saxony countryside.
all accommodation units are fitted with satellite tv, while the self-catering units offer an equipped kitchenette.
rooms at hotel brauer have a bathroom, desk and satellite tv.
bali denpasar international airport is 28 km away.
featuring an outdoor pool, a sauna and sun beds, pension restaurace pretty has a garden with a barbecue and offers rooms with free wi-fi and satellite tv.
guests take coffee and cake during the day.
bunbeg lies on donegal's west coast in the heart of the irish-speaking gaeltacht.
the arrábida national park is 2 km from the town.
hotel lacosta includes 3 bars, a western restaurant offering french and mexican dishes and a chinese restaurant serving hainan cuisine.
additional facilities include a washing machine and cleaning products.
there are 2 restaurants and a bar.
they are simply decorated with tiled floors and provide a wardrobe.
tindarra apartments alexandra headland is a 5-minute walk from various cafes, restaurants and shops.
each apartment has a balcony overlooking the gardens, pool or sea.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the titanic quarter is a new and buzzing part of belfast where many chic restaurants and bars are located.
after a busy day, take a dip in the pool, relax in the sauna, or enjoy a workout in the modern fitness room.
it’s the ideal place for a restful stay near the mountains.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with fridge, stove, microwave and electric kettle, and continental breakfasts are served upon request.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding.
at emmanuel beach resorts you will find a restaurant.
located in the historic centre of cartagena and 1 km from the palace of inquisition, apartamento casa del virrey offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre.
set in vardane, 21 km from sochi, guesthouse svetlana features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking.
breakfast options include cold, continental options or a cooked breakfast.
the nearest airport is marco polo airport, 27 km from the property.
daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
check-in is available until 22:00.
japanese food is served at king market teppanyaki.
verona airport is 35 km away.
free wifi is featured .
all air-conditioned, accommodation here features a fridge and private bathroom.
bed linen is offered.
breakfast is included in the rate and served each morning in the dining room.
each room is fitted with a tv. rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
offering a sea view and outdoor furniture on the terrace, penn sunset villa 4 is a self-catering accommodation located in ko lanta. it features a fully-equipped kitchen and dining table, as well as free wifi.
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from all the rooms.
guests can also enjoy hiking, paragliding or cycling during summer.
an en suite bathroom with hairdryer is included in each air-conditioned guest room at yosemite riverside inn. a coffee machine is included.
the peaceful surroundings are sure to relax and unwind you during your stay.
the breakfast buffet is served daily and includes organic products such as homemade cake and gluten-free produce.
the charlotte douglas international airport is about 45 miles away.
there is a café 200 metres away, while a grocery shop can be found 50 metres away.
thai and international dishes are served at the hotel’s restaurant.
el gigante del norte stadium is 400 metres from antigal hotel, while guemes fair is 500 metres from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing and horse riding.
featuring a bath with a shower attachment, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
all include a fully equipped kitchen, with a microwave and dining area.
situated 1.5 km from the centre of lucca, guest magnolia is a self-catering accommodation with free wifi, a garden and a satellite flat-screen tv.
in dubrovnik historic core guests can visit sight such as onofrio's fountain, franciscan monastery or the monumental walls.
the property provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
meredith houseworth memorial seashore is at a distance of 650 metres, while whales-n-sails adventures is 950 metres away.
guests can also enjoy a wellness centre with a relaxing room with a fireplace, 2 saunas, an outdoor hot tub and a cooling tub.
every room has a private bathroom.
all air-conditioned rooms at the rodalquilar have a private balcony, heating and free wi-fi.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
each apartment has a kitchenette or kitchen with a microwave, refrigerator and tea and coffee maker.
the guest rooms are equipped with a private bathroom, satellite tv and a work desk.
free parking is on site.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
a bus stop is next to the property.
nk'mip canyon desert golf course is 2.8 km away from this motel.
muthi maya forest pool villa resort’s lap pool offers a refreshing swim, while maya spa offers a full range of treatments.
it is conveniently situated next to hatchobori train station.
the in-house restaurant serves local, indian and continental cuisines.
the holiday home can accommodate up to 8 persons.
this duplex-style apartment includes a living area with satellite tv and an open-plan kitchen. it is equipped with an oven, dishwasher, and washing machine.
at jet luxury @ the trump soho you will find a restaurant and a fitness centre other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a tour desk and luggage storage.
breakfast is available each morning, and regional german dishes are served in the evenings.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player is available.
located 3 minutes’ walk from the lynnwood convention center, this north seattle hotel offers comfortable guest rooms with free wifi and provides a daily hot breakfast buffet.
it offers an airport and area shuttle and rooms with free wi-fi.
a free breakfast including hot dishes is served daily.
there is free wi-fi throughout the hotel.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and sauna, rodovoe gnezdo garmaki is set in garmaki in the vinnytsya region. free private parking is available on site.
guests at grenata apartments can request shuttle services at a surcharge, for example from and to the vilnius airport 5 km away.
the reception is open 24 hours, and a vending machine is on site for added convenience.
superior rooms also have a terrace with sun loungers and a spa bath.
situated on a renovated 17th century farm, 3 km from the village of montagny, pierre des anges has a garden and terrace.
all rooms have a flat-screen cable tv, dvd player, safe and minibar.
the charlie west hollywood offers laundry facilities on site for added convenience. guests can relax outdoors on the english garden terrace.
it offers complimentary wi-fi access in its public areas.
a free breakfast is offered every morning.
there are slippers and free toiletries provided in the en suite bathroom.
offering a restaurant, casa vatra radauti is located in radauti, only 600 metres away from the city centre.
the hotel is 15 km perur patteeswarar temple, 23 km from marudamalai and 100 km from the hill station of ooty.
on several sundays during the summer, afternoon concerts take place in the small amphitheatre in the forest.
newport beach is 22 km away from howard johnson anaheim hotel and water playground.
it is within a 10-minute walk from at least 3 dining options.
elegant villas at casa nuri come with modern balinese décor and large living spaces.
drinks, as well as greek and mediterranean dishes can also be enjoyed at the relaxing interior of the bar-restaurant or at the sun terrace.
the full kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances.
just 300 metres from the sbb basel railway station (exit gundeldingen), ymca hostel offers budget accommodation just a 15-minute walk from basel's city centre.
marjan, forest park with bike trails and children’s playgrounds, is a 10-minute walk away.
the holiday apartment is provided with a radio and a cd-player.
the property offers free parking.
set in bene vagienna, 26 km from alba, casa giovi boasts a seasonal outdoor pool and views of the garden.
there is the on-site bar at the property.
this air-conditioned apartment has 3 double bedrooms, 1 twin bedroom, and 2 bathrooms with free toiletries.
villa kayu ubud is a villa with a terrace, located in ubud, 4.4 km from ubud market.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and slippers.
lively phuket centre is located just 14 km from patong green mountain hotel.
you can play tennis and billiards at the hotel. the hotel also offers bike hire both for adults and children.
it takes 35 minutes to drive to noi bai international airport.
ruta 80 hostel is located in brno, a 10-minute walk from the old town, and less than 100 metres from jugoslávská and trávníčkova tram stops.
savignyplatz city rail station is a 5-minute walk from artus apartments.
in the evenings, guests are invited to relax in the hotel’s cosy bar.
febrahouse is a guest house located in the centre of costinesti, 750 metres from the beach, featuring accommodation with free wifi in public areas and free parking on site.
the accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player are available in some units.
the geneva airport holiday inn express features a bar, a business centre with internet access, an underground car park, and outdoor parking.
the north block hotel is nearby french, italian, pacific rim and california restaurants.
a minibar and air conditioning are fitted in all rooms.
lombok international airport is a 1 hour, 45-minute drive away.
stafylos beach is at 4 km.
a tv with satellite channels is offered.
the property includes 2 private bathrooms with a hairdryer.
extras include a desk.
the kitchen is well-equipped and includes a dishwasher.
snacks and sandwiches are also available.
with competitive rates, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation at great prices.
nautibeach condos is 1 km from discovery dolphins and from parque garrafon park.
located 100 metres from 5 soles beach, taormina hotel offers free wi-fi and buffet breakfast in pinamar.
at apartment antonija you will find free shuttle service from train and bus station upon arrival.
it also organises shuttle service for an additional fee.
micke grove zoo is 17 minutes’ drive away.
the nearest airport is zhuliany airport, 5 km from apartment on tarasa shevchenko 58.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
casa grande do bachao is situated on the road that leads to the “costa da morte“ (the treacherous coast line of northern galicia) from santiago de compostela.
the nearest supermarket is 5.5 km from the apartments.
s.s. klondike national historic site is 7 minutes’ drive away.
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and fridge.
horseback riding facilities can be found at a distance of 5 km from the hotel.
en suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
there are also 2 bedrooms and a private bathroom with a rain shower.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
located off interstate185, this hotel is 10 minutes' drive from columbus state university and maple ridge golf course.
harrods is a 20-minute walk away.
third-party group and individual surf, stand up paddle and yoga lessons are available at a location nearby.
hawthorn suites dfw airport north is less than 16 miles from six flags over texas and less than 19 miles from cowboys stadium.
located on sandhamn island, sands hotell offers a restaurant, bar and tastefully decorated rooms with free wi-fi access. stockholm city centre is 1 hour and 15 minutes away by boat.
the on site restaurant serves local and international cuisine.
offering a restaurant, ośrodek wypoczynkowo-szkoleniowy arkun is located in łeba, just 1 km from the sea.
the surrounding is ideal for hiking and cycling.
wachenheim (pfalz) train station is 1 km from the guest house.
situated in the heart of stavanger, clarion hotel stavanger is a 5-minute walk from kirkegata pedestrian street.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 14 km from prudentia apartments anin.
located in anglet, apartment les demeures de brindos anglet offers access to an outdoor pool. the property is 5.8 km from chiberta golf and 3.7 km from biarritz-le phare golf.
there is a 24-hour snack bar and guests can enjoy their meals on the terrace.
capo d'orto at a height of 1294 metres is only a 4-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy 4-course, homemade evening meals served by the hosts on request.
the nearby hohe tauern national park offers a wide range of hiking and mountain bike trails.
you can borrow beach towels from the 24-hour reception.
the rooms also have ironing facilities.
private bathroom is equipped with a shower and slippers are provided.
it offers rooms with satellite tv and a private bathroom.
the accommodation has a terrace and a flat-screen tv.
flaminio station and piazza del popolo square are both 7 stops away.
each of the homely apartments comes with air conditioning, modern cooking facilities, and satellite tv. the interior design is characterized by gentle shades of salmon and peach.
peace and friendship stadium is 7 km away.
various restaurants can be found in the vicinity.
at hotel rajashree palace you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace.
a flat-screen tv, en suite bathroom and tea/coffee making facilities are featured in each room at innkeeper's lodge exeter, clyst st george.
navegantes international airport is 15 km from apart hotel castelan.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
it offers elegant rooms with private balconies, and free wi-fi internet access.
tsunami memorial - rue tor 813 is 900 metres from khaolak city hotel, while tublamu pier is 12 km from the property.
at this holiday home you will find an array of activities for the children; table tennis, darts, play station 3, nintendo wii and football game.
ferienwohnung christine can provide a free bus transfer until 21:00 from the berchtesgaden (2 km) or bischofswiesen (3 km) railway stations.
decorated with the nautical theme, the rooms also include ironing facilities.
meals can be prepared in the well-equipped kitchenette which provides guests with a fridge and an oven.
the bedrooms have a separate dressing room, and feature a seating area, cable tv, and a desk.
a balcony is provided.
a concierge desk and business centre takes care of guests’ requests and needs.
the restaurant serves light austrian cuisine with many regional and organic products.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the bar offers alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
free public parking is possible on site.
you can rent aquatic sporting equipment and bikes 300 metres away.
the unit is 500 metres from salgados golf and 700 metres from salgados beach.
honda bay is just 3 km from the resort.
rooms are equipped with a tv and a wardrobe.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 17 km from the property.
the hotel is 5 km from thane railway station and 45 km from mumbai international airport.
all rooms also include a work desk and a dvd player.
bed linen and towels are provided.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
rooms at the lodge hotel and conference center feature half-canopy beds and seating areas with chandelier lighting.
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
guests can approach the 24-hour front desk for laundry services.
set in tula, apartment on krasnoarmeyskiy 8 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the apartment is 1 km from tula kremlin.
bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for fishing.
the property offers luggage storage, meeting facilities and a tour desk.
the fenix is situated just 300 metres from the szczyrk bus station.
ming shui lu homestay is a 15-minute drive from meihua (plum blossom) lake or luodong railway station and a 50-minute drive from taipingshan national forest recreation area.
guests can enjoy varied specialities in the hotel’s elegant restaurant.
all have an en suite shower with hairdryer and toiletries.
vokzal’na metro station is a 5-minute drive from city centre apartments.
it features an indoor pool, on-site gym, and free wi-fi.
the bright rooms of antiphellos hotel are air-conditioned and come with a tv. they also have a private bathroom featuring a shower and a toilet.
other facilities at apartment madiha include a fitness centre.
bed linen is featured.
hungarian and international cuisine is served in the restaurant.
guests can relax at b’s gazebo, or request for a massage.
the rooms are fitted with a tv.
dating back to the 14th century, brunstorpsgård bränneriet has modern furnishings, beamed ceilings and wooden floors.
free wifi access is provided.
the accommodation provides a tv, a terrace and a seating area.
each guest room at the seattle north days inn offers cable tv with hbo and free local telephone calls.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a refrigerator and stovetop.
the property offers cosy rooms with free wifi. guest are provided with free pick up service from thong sala pier to the residence.
veh-studios offer free wifi and are very quietly located in lindau, 100 metres from the park and lake baths.
thuruliya lodge is set in ramboda, 28 km from kandy.
all accommodation features air conditioning, free wi-fi, kitchen facilities and a terrace with sea views.
the elegant rooms at the zouk feature a range of satellite channels and ceiling mirrors.
thong sala pier is a 20-minute drive away.
located in paris, bastille suite is 300 metres from bastille opera house and 800 metres from gare de lyon train station.
you can play tennis and billiards at the property, and the area is popular for snorkeling.
it is a 15-minute drive from jampore beach and a 20-minute drive from vapi railway station.
each air-conditioned guestroom is fitted with a cable tv, working desk and an electric kettle.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
bordeaux train station is a 12-minute drive from this apartment.
the property offers free parking.
jordan landing shopping center is about 5 miles away.
centrally located, high street homes are within 5 minutes' walk of cafes, boutiques and restaurants.
a laundry service is available.
the nearest airport is chania international airport, 40 km from myrtia studio.
sheffield railway station is a 10-minute walk away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
trabzon airport is within 90 km of the property.
the property offers free parking.
the private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
accommodation at butussi villa is air conditioned and comes with wood floors, a tv and a fridge.
western and thai dishes are served all day at the outdoor terrace overlooking breathtaking views of the sea.
this finnish lapland property offers traditional cabins and a waterfront sauna next to lake inari.
blue sea arenal tower - adults only is just a short stroll to the beach and within easy reach of majorca’s capital, palma.
the spa town of baden with its casino is only 10 km away, and vienna airport is a 25-minute drive away.
simply furnished rooms at the guest house offer a fan and shared bathroom with shower facilities.
downtown hamlet is 16 miles from the property.
the accommodation is provided with a satellite-tv, a hi-fi player, a cd player, a dvd player and a terrace with a barbecue.
all rooms are renovated and offer a flat-screen tv and air-conditioning. they feature a refrigerator and tea and coffee making facilities.
private bathroom is equipped with a shower.
club hacienda vodice is 2 km away.
a business centre is also available as well as a launderette.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a ceramic hob, oven,microwave and dishwasher.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 10 km from the property.
the nearest airport is malta international airport, 6 km from the property.
guests can choose between a full english breakfast and a continental breakfast each morning.
offering a restaurant, golden park is located in kolkata.
mineo is around 18 km from the property, while the etnaland theme park is reachable by car in 40 minutes. catania is 40 km away.
other facilities include a 24-hour front desk, summer terrace, library, free bike hire and free shuttle service to the city centre.
the rooms at the toranda feature colourful, rustic décor.
just a 15-minute drive from the city centre, santiago magic offers accommodations with free wifi access in santiago.
wi-fi and parking are free.
the maica domnului monastery is 2.5 km away and the town of vatra dornei can be reached within 30 km.
free wi-fi is available on site.
the main square is a 15-minute walk away.
guests of home atmosphere apartments on molokova street can cook at the fully equipped kitchen.
some of them also include a fireplace.
just 270 metres from the black sea coast, this seaside hotel in batumi offers a sauna and a seasonal indoor pool.
as well as air conditioning and free wifi access, all of the spacious rooms at vatica b&b roma come with a tv and a balcony.
each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletry set.
the rooms either overlook part of the sea or the historic city centre.
phuket international airport is a 45-minut drive away.
the airport is a 25-minute drive away.
the lakeshore is just 10 minutes away on foot. salò is a 10-minute drive away.
you can rent bikes on site.
rathtrevor beach provincial park is 3 minutes’ drive away.
the 2 on-site restaurants prepare home-cooked meals made with local products and olive oil.
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchen.
cross-country skiing tracks run beside the house and there is a tobogganing area for children.
the main restaurant serves international cuisine, while the elegant à-la-carte one offers a choice of montenegrin dishes.
free private parking is possible on site.
bed linen is included.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv and a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
the hotel is only 100 metres from breche square, a 10-minute walk from niort train station and 1 km from donjon de niort medieval castle.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
the modern, spacious rooms have a flat-screen satellite tv. some have a seating area, and the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
uddevalla city centre is a 40-minute drive from the camping site.
the blumenhof offers a varied breakfast buffet in the mornings.
guests can also enjoy fresh fruit and cereal.
split airport is located 9 km from the property.
the open-plan bar serves lighter meals and beverages, and features a large-screen tv.
an outdoor pool is on site at the best western montis inn and after a refreshing swim guests can access the hotel’s business centre.
dorfappartements söll enjoys a central location 800 metres from the gondelbahn hochsöll cable car in the skiwelt wilder kaiser brixental ski area.
guests at the monroe towneplace suites can access a launderette.
each room comes with a private patio and a fully furnished kitchen equipped with a microwave and large refrigerator.
the property offers free parking.
some rooms have a microwave, and some have a spa bath.
the stylishly decorated rooms are equipped with cable tv. each comes with a minibar and a private bathroom.
all rooms at the benita come with either private or shared bathroom facilities and a tv.
free on-site parking is also possible.
guests have access to the nearby new york sports club fitness centre.
each is uniquely decorated with brightly coloured fabrics and modern artwork.
business services and meeting facilities are available for conferences on location.
the kitchens come with an oven and a refrigerator and the private bathrooms feature a hairdryer and free toiletries.
apartments and studios feature a sofa and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
extras include a safety deposit box, linen and a fan.
in the summer, a garden restaurant is available.
all apartments at artemis have free wi-fi, a living room with satellite tv, 2 balconies and a fully equipped kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the property offers a tour desk and a ticket service.
prague castle can be reached within 3 km.
each capsule is fitted with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
a breakfast buffet is available in the schwarzer adler, the partner hotel just 150 metres away.
free private parking is provided.
local drinks and international beverages are offered at mlyn bar.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a microwave and an oven.
the pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a satellite tv.
b&b nughe 'e' oro is just 5 minutes' walk from nuoro's restaurants and shops.
complete with a microwave, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
each classically-furnished room at domus nicosia guest house b&b will provide you with a flat-screen tv.
apartamenty lenina 22a is a self-catering accommodation located in nizhniy novgorod.
a tv is also provided.
some rooms also offer a spa bath.
apartment venezuela 701 offers accommodation in playa de las americas.
the apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
traditional german specialities and a varied breakfast menu are served in hotel-restaurant stollen's restaurant.
luggage can be stored at the property upon request.
each room at la villa nomade is decorated in rich colours and fabrics, and wooden furniture.
evening meals can be enjoyed in partner restaurants.
rooms at the good morning are furnished with natural materials like straw and wood.
argostoli, the capital of kefalonia, is 1.5 km away and the airport is at 5 km.
all rooms at hotel wettin are designed in functional style, and have a tv with cable channels.
the contemporary studios and apartments all have views of the vineyards or the private gardens from the large bay windows.
hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep.
there is a full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
it also includes an open-plan dining and lounge area with satellite tv. the well-equipped kitchen has an oven, stovetop and microwave.
nantong airport is a 30-minute drive away.
located in front of praia de arakakai beach, baia cabralia hotel offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and tennis courts.
the beautiful exterior of the villa also includes a covered terrace, and a garden with sun loungers, and an outdoor shower.
bhally hotel also has its own restaurant and bar.
breakfast and half-board are available at discounted rates at 2 partner restaurants that are a 5-minute walk away.
a restaurant and a wellness area are featured on site.
there is a luggage storage space at the property.
the property offers free parking.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher. a tv with satellite channels and dvd player is available. there is a private bathroom with a shower.
located in the centre of gusev, center hostel is a 2-minute walk from the banks of pissa river.
just 25 minutes' walk from the city centre or six minutes by car, and sitting directly in front of a bus stop, the jardines de uleta hotel has an unbeatable location.
it has a café and is set close to the city’s bars and restaurants.
featuring free wifi and a garden with a pool, mediterranea is a villa located in marsaskala.
this 4-star property is situated in a marine village and overlooks the water.
ferienwohnungen moosbrugger also includes a terrace.
the hotel’s restaurant opens for dinner and serves local dishes and classic italian cuisine.
activities such as snorkelling and water sports can be arranged at eagle beach, 600 metres away.
the hotel is 150 metres from lleras park, 6 minutes’ walk from el poblado park and 3.2 km from pueblito paisa neighborhood, a typical colombian district.
the closest ski lift is located 60 metres from the apartments, and the closest cable car station can be reached in 5 walking minutes.
dry cleaning services are offered near reception.
an american breakfast with tropical fruits can be enjoyed in the gardens.
free private parking is available on site.
slippers and free toiletries can be found in the private bathroom.
a shuttle through shipyard plantation is provided.
on-site shops selling creative clothes and bags are also available.
situated in the foothills of the santa catalina mountains, this all-suite hotel overlooks the tucson, arizona skyline, and features spacious 2-room suites filled with a variety of amenities.
fitted with wooden flooring, each air-conditioned apartment provides a lounge area with sofa bed and a flat-screen tv.
it is a 30-minute drive from tian he east railway station and guangzhou city railway station. baiyun international airport is a 40-minute drive away.
this hotel is located in the litchfield area of pawleys island, south carolina, near myrtle beach.
each traditionally furnished room includes a tv, a hairdryer, and tea and coffee making facilities for guests to enjoy.
pinto martins international airport is located 4 km away.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing, cycling and hiking.
a varied breakfast buffet is served daily and includes organic food.
at hotel parque zabal you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar. other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
these countryside apartments offer modern kitchen facilities, a living/dining room and a terrace.
the pippu yuyu offers free luggage and ski storage services, as well as safety deposit boxes.
a hot buffet breakfast is available for guests every day.
barbecue facilities are available at fewo klingelhöfer, and nearby activities include skiing.
some of the properties have a safety deposit box, a fan and a tv.
bairro alto, lisbon’s most renowned nighttime hot spot, is a 15-minute drive away.
free wi-fi access is available throughout the hotel.
yerevan train station is within a 7-minute drive of apartment at sayat nova street and zvartnots international airport is 12.5 km away.
genova old harbour and its famous aquarium are 1.5 km away.
guests have access to the entire villa, accessible via wooden doors at the entrance or from the side gate.
the skadarlija bohemian quarter is located at a distance of 1 km from hostel stark.
all suites come with a living area and flat-screen, satellite tv. a mini fridge, electric kettle and minibar are also provided.
free wi-fi access is available.
evenings can be spent gaming at the casino.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
brindisi airport is 4 km away.
hotel lugal ankara boasts individually decorated rooms, all fitted with 42-inch lcd tv and a well-stocked minibar.
public parking is available on site.
located on the banks of the moselle river, beilstein boasts excellent fishing opportunities and hiking trails.
guests are also welcome to book treatments and massages.
this apartment features air-conditioned bedrooms and a well-appointed kitchen, fitted with household appliances and kitchenware.
located 5 minutes’ walk from aiguaoliva beach, in vinaròs, bungalows aigua oliva offer two-bedroom apartments with shared swimming pool, garden and bbq facilities.
guests can enjoy ticket services and plan excursions for an additional fee.
the kitchen comes with an oven.
spacious accommodation with free wi-fi and stylish interiors are offered here.
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave, as well as a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and bathrobes.
modern-styled rooms feature a flat-screen cable tv and come with a fully equipped bathroom with bathrobe and slippers.
the world of coca cola is located 10 miles away.
interstate 75 is 5 minutes' drive from the warner robins property.
the camp site itself offers activities such as petanque, tennis and mini golf.
day trips and car rental can be organised at the tour desk, while staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with laundry requests and airport pick-up arrangements.
in the evening, visit the rustic twins restaurant and enjoy creative, seasonal, national specialties.
modern room amenities include a satellite tv, tea/coffee maker and minibar.
the studio apartment at the central residence also comes with a well-equipped kitchen, a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a bathroom with a shower.
the rustic rooms come with wood-beamed ceilings and tiled floors.
offering room service, suasso restaurant serves a variety of indonesian and western delights.
the apartment’s bathroom has a shower.
the apartment comes with a balcony and a terrace, living area with satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom and a separate toilet.
grant restaurant serves multi-cuisine delights.
dry-cleaning and laundry services are available.
jp ressidency pondicherry’s rooms are spacious and decorated in neutral colours.
best western samantta’s restaurant offers an early breakfast, a lunch buffet and an à la carte dinner menu.
the nearest airport is augusto cesar sandino international airport, 33 km from the property.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
the hotel offers free wi-fi in common areas.
each room at buakao inn is equipped with a safety deposit box, cable tv and an en suite bathroom.
arsenal tavern backpackers hostel is a 10-minute walk from finsbury park station and arsenal f.c’s emirates stadium.
it offers free wi-fi and simply furnished rooms.
discounts apply for guests of the hotel steinbock.
elegantly decorated with bedspreads in mantel colours, rooms feature parquet floors and floor-to-ceiling windows.
just 650 metres from viaduct harbour, rydges auckland offers rooms with stunning city or harbour views.
the stop of the free ski bus is in front of the building.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
every air-conditioned, soundproof room has a tv with satellite channels and a refrigerator.
baan benjabua is few steps away from wat keaw krowaram museum.
the property offers free parking.
it offers self-catering accommodation with exposed stonework and rustic-style furnishings.
meals can be enjoyed out on the terrace accompanied by superb mountain views.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing and massage treatments.
agroturismo coñico sells seasonal organic produce.
offering panoramic views of the amalfi coast, le cicale provides self-catering apartments with a sea-view balcony.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including table tennis and darts.
clermont-ferrand auvergne airport is 27 km away.
located on corniche road, this hotel offers apartments with a kitchenette and partial sea views.
the modern apartament lawendowy is located in the centre of stronie śląskie, 5 km from the czarna góra ski complex.
a seating area with a fireplace and cable tv is also available.
it is surrounded by a well-tended garden with a children’s playground and bbq facilities.
you can easily reach the e313 motorway to explore the wider area.
relax, regenerate, and enjoy a fine stay.
several bicycle paths and hiking paths are around the hotel.
lomana spa and wellness centre offers a fitness centre with a personal trainer, a hair salon, a library and a games room.
the modern guest rooms at hotel kiteenhovi feature wooden floors, a work desk and a private bathroom with shower. all are equipped with cable tv.
offering a terrace and views of the city, bari vecchia dimora is located in a building from the early 20th-century in the historical centre of bari. this property is a 3-minute walk from bari cathedral.
rooms here feature stylized, classic furniture will provide you with a tv and satellite channels.
a flat-screen tv is provided and a balcony overlooks the mountains and river.
it has a private outdoor pool and free wifi.
a continental breakfast including eggs and homemade jams is provided every morning.
outdoor activities at artale hotel include tennis and horse riding.
toranomon subway station is a 5-minute walk away.
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
at the villaggio siesta you can purchase massage treatments and sessions in the hot tub.
private parking spaces are available on site.
there is also a poolside restaurant and an à la carte restaurant, which you can taste refined flavours of traditional turkish and international cuisine.
various massage treatments can be arranged at a surcharge.
residencial jordan is 5 km from jorge wilstermann international airport.
antalya airport is located 60.8 km away.
these fully-furnished apartments are all fitted with a sofa, free toiletries, a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a dining area, a fully-equipped kitchen and a balcony with a city view.
ruo dong nightmarket is a 30-minute drive away and songshan airport is a 55-minute drive away.
it offers free wi-fi, free parking and rooms with a flat-screen tv and fridge.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the property is 700 metres from ipanema beach, 750 metres from general osório metro station and 1.5 km from copacabana beach.
there is also a dining table and a kitchenette with an oven and microwave.
modern comforts include free wi-fi, an outdoor sala and sun loungers.
laundry service and luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
one apartment offers a private terrace with panoramic sea views.
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms.
some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and fishing.
the rooms include a flat-screen tv, tea and coffee making facilities, and a radio alarm clock.
a flat-screen hdtv and coffee maker is provided in all rooms at the super 8 mason. each room is warmly decorated and includes a spacious work desk.
guests can relax in the spa bath of their private studio.
top apartment augarten is a spacious apartment in vienna, a 10-minute walk rom the praterstern train and metro sedation, and the prater amusement park.
the nearest airport is beijing nanyuan airport, 14 km from hanting hotel beijing wangfujing.
it offers buffet breakfast and free wi-fi.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a tv.
mercado de colon apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in valencia, 1.2 km from barrio del carmen and 1.8 km from city of arts & sciences.
rafting on cetina river and hiking in omiš can be organised by the owners upon request.
there is a second lounge, which is ideal for a children's playroom.
the spacious guest bedrooms are elegant in style, with 2 featuring neutral décor and one decorated using blue shades.
offering free wifi and a barbecue, appartamento turicchi is located in sandetole, 25 km from florence.
vonyarc hotel offers bright rooms with a fridge, tv and with a private bathroom with shower.
it has a pool with a large sun terrace and bbq facilities.
the nearest restaurant is 200 metres away, and the aldis congress centre and the aquapark are 1.5 km away.
bathrobe and slippers are provided.
legnica cathedral is 3.4 km from hotel legnicki & restauracja, while art gallery is 3.4 km away.
guests are offered modern rooms complete with free wifi access.
the property is 18 km from santa maria di leuca. lecce is a 50-minute drive away.
the longwood country inn restaurant, located on site, serves american and european cuisine.
edinburgh’s main shopping street, princes street, is less than 10 minutes’ walk away.
vakaru, the main restaurant, serves buffet-style breakfast, lunch and dinner with a different theme night each evening.
located in the centre of paris, just 350 metres from the louvre museum, my address in paris – louvre saint honoré offers a modern, self-catering apartment in a typical parisian building.
the hotel serves a buffet breakfast with eggs and fresh fruit.
situated and a 10-minute walk from the lake gösserdorf, holiday house köckinger weg enjoys a peaceful location on the outskirts of eberndorf.
some rooms also feature a spa bath.
fitted with both air conditioning and heating, the comfortable rooms of the seagull on the bund are equipped with a flat-screen cable/satellite tv and minibar.
the property offers a free shuttle service to platja d’aro and aquadiver waterpark, set within 2 km of the property.
huay nam dang national park is located 25 km away from 32 coffee hill & resort.
hotel valery’s rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a tv and private bathroom with shower.
the private bathroom with shower includes toiletries.
the shores of ohrid lake are just 50 metres away.
a shower stall can be found in the bathroom attached.
jeronimos monastery is 2.6 km from lx factory apartment, while chiado is 3.2 km from the property.
next door to the whale museum in friday harbour, this hotel features an on-site restaurant offering room service.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
the kkl culture and convention centre lucerne is a 7-minute drive away from the property, while chapel bridge is an 8-minute drive away.
the private bathroom comes with a bathtub, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
featuring free wifi, ariosa apartments offers accommodation in mtwapa.
split airport is located 17 km away.
all rooms have a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
restaurants, bars and night clubs are within a 10-minute walk from the guest house.
towels and bed linen are provided in this cottage.
guests can start the day with a rich breakfast buffet and for dinner, the cihantürk’s restaurant serves a varied menu of regional and international cuisine.
the surrounding area is ideal for outdoor sports activities including horse riding, trekking, ice and rock climbing and rafting.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and hiking.
cooled with air conditioning and a fan, rooms feature satellite tv, a wardrobe and a seating area.
some rooms boast views over the ocean and all have access to the inn’s free wifi.
guests at robin hill can also enjoy the licensed bar in the evenings. it has a variety of beers, wines and spirits on offer.
it offers a 24-hour room service, free parking and free wi-fi access.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
hailar railway station is located a 15-minute drive away.
each apartment has 1 living room with sofa bed, 1 kitchen, 1 dining room and 1 bathroom with shower.
the main bathroom of the city center deluxe apartment includes a bidet, heated towel rail, and a glazed shower cabin.
both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 1.5 km of the property.
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport, 18 km from arts&holidayhouse vatican 1.
continental breakfast is included.
the restaurant has an inviting summer terrace and serves traditional romanian cuisine.
sophie's hostel offers an airport pick up and drop off service for surcharge upon prior arrangement.
a supermarket can be found 100 metres from the motel maestro and the deva citadel is 200 metres away.
exclusive units also include a led satellite tv, a minibar and a safe.
fitted with free internet access, rooms at courtyard cincinnati north at union centre also include a flat-screen tv.
le scuole - collemassari hospitality is located a 15-minute drive from cinigiano and offers hotel accommodation.
hotel camping mali i robit is located in kavajë.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the razdolie's 24-hour reception team can book free shuttle transfers.
simferopol train station is 87 km away, while simferopol airport is 102 km away.
a daily breakfast buffet is served in the hotel restaurant.
split airport is located 22 km from the property.
at hotel old town you will find a 24-hour front desk, a rooftop terrace and a bar.
sofyan inn tebet is located a 15-minute drive from tebet highway gate and the central business district of gatot subrato.
gardels' restaurant offers a range of regional meals in the evening.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for horse riding.
offering free kayaks and snorkeling equipment, guests can rent motorbikes to explore the island and visit finger nail islet.
waihi beach is 20 minutes' away.
overlooking the black sea and walking distance to cevahir shopping mall, this hotel offers modern accommodation in a convenient location only 8 minutes’ drive from trabzon's city centre.
a 60 m2 roof terrace with a seating area and a hot tub awaits guests at luxury penthouse with a rooftop jacuzzi, situated 3 km from prague’s centre.
outside, guests will find an outdoor shower, a covered terrace with dining area and loungers, as well as 2 parking spaces.
all the amenities are shared, 3 showers and 3 toilets for 6 rooms.
free wifi access is available.
guests may park their cars at the nearby municipal parking without any charge.
additional amenities include free wireless high-speed internet access, free newspaper monday through friday, free coffee and free parking on premises.
the suite additionally offers a hot tub.
your room at the royal hotel is complete with free wired internet access, plus an lcd tv with surround sound.
it offers free outdoor parking and there is also a garage, available at extra charge.
the tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area.
guests can sample their homemade meals in the dining area which features a luster, fireplace and a bar counter.
rooms are equipped with bed linen and towels.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a vending machine.
bagnara spa offers a small hydromassage pool and 3 beauty rooms for massages and treatments.
there is a supermarket and lots of bars and restaurants within a 10-minute walk, including some by the river.
you can find the bělsky les bus stop right in front of the hotel.
golf enthusiasts will enjoy golfclub taunus weilrod, situated 10 km away from the guest house. hessenpark open-air museum lies just 4 km away from bonifatia neu-anspach.
free parking is available in the surrounding area and a shuttle bus is available on request to a local destination of your choice.
frederikshavn train station is 10 minutes’ walk away.
there is also a supermarket and bank services nearby. the hotel offers a shuttle service to the night bazaar and nimmanhaemin road, an outdoor pool and a restaurant.
p.m. apartman in balatonlelle is located 300 metres from lake balaton and 400 metres from napfény beach.
wattay international airport can be reach within 4 km of the property.
there is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
the air conditioned rooms are also provided with a flat-screen tv, a desk and a fridge.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
rooms at hotel terradets are equipped with a flat-screen tv, safe and air conditioning.
the hampton ramada hotel also has a snack shop and a business centre.
the goldenes rad restaurant is listed in the 2010 gault millau guide. regional specialities, fish, and fine wines can be enjoyed here.
zadar airport is at a distance of 11 km and shuttle service can be organised at a surcharge.
within 5 minutes’ walk of the bed and breakfast there are the shops, pubs and restaurants of emersons green.
guests can also relax on the patio and admire views of san martino tower.
all air-conditioned rooms feature a fridge, toaster and tea and coffee making facilities.
rooms at baumann’s brookside resort all feature cable tv, a refrigerator, and a patio. they are simply decorated and have air-conditioning and an en suite bathroom.
the putz offers self-catering apartments with free wifi on a hillside location in oberwinkel.
there are 8 ski lifts within 400 metres of the property, including u dawidka and nosal.
the large windows offer lovely views.
the living space includes a flat-screen tv and sofa, and the kitchenette includes a hob, fridge, and electric kettle.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, hiking and fishing.
this card comprises many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars, toll roads, and buses.
it features air-conditioned rooms and free bike rental, plus lobby wi-fi are free.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, city stay hostel edinburgh offers accommodation in edinburgh.
the city of perpignan is 38 km from villa troc pinell and perpignan - rivesaltes airport is located 47 km away.
a continental breakfast is available.
free wi-fi access is provided throughout the property.
featuring wooden floors, this fully furnished apartment also includes a tv with cable channels.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
duden waterfalls are less than 3 km from the property.
if you are not a member of the educational or university community, a membership card by any hostel association in the iyhf must be presented.
with beautiful views of the sea, the property offers two types of rooms, dorms which have a shared bathroom with a shower and private bedrooms with a bathroom and a shower.
the nearest airport is sao paulo/congonhas airport, 9 km from the property.
there is a kitchenette with a dining table.
the rashi is a 10-minute walk from the seafront and 21 km from tel aviv airport.
the hotel has a terrace and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
the hotel also offers car hire.
guests of the club anakopia can relax in a garden, go horseback riding or fishing, enjoy massages, play table tennis or practice windsurfing.
free private parking is possible 50 metres from the property and the belfort citadel is 6 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
a continental breakfast is served every morning at chambres d’hôtes la maison bleue.
mediterranean dishes can also be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant for lunch or dinner.
all guests can enjoy panoramic mountain views from their south-west facing balcony.
the třeboň castle, spa and railway station are 2 km away.
shuttle services are available from the hotel to reno-tahoe international airport, 3 miles away.
the homely guest rooms feature wooden floors, handmade furnishings and luxurious fabrics and carpets.
located 150 metres from hua thanon beach, the property features villa with private pool, baan chaba samui is a 10-minute drive from hinta and hinyai rocks.
the luxury, spacious tents with parquet floors are equipped with a private entrance, seating area and safe.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
located at short distance from the exhibition centre and the vicenza motorway exit, this modern and elegant property is an ideal base for meetings and conferences or to discover the artistic heritage of the area.
the makai hale offers snacks and lunch adjacent to the main pool.
check-in takes place directly at your apartment to save you time.
the nearest yeritasardakan metro station is 2 km away.
these historic florence self-catering apartments feature a kitchen and free wifi.
the 3-star best western aurore is located 250 metres from gare de lyon train and metro station in east paris.
free parking is provided.
the 24-hour front desk has newspapers and safety deposit boxes and there is a tour desk.
the cırali dolunay hotel is 19 km from tekirova.
spacious rooms at the president hotel feature a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, a minibar, a safe and an electric kettle.
it offers homemade food, free wifi and rooms with sea views.
vista lobos has a modern rustic-style décor with tiled floors and elegant wooden furnishings.
there are similarly splendid views from many of the shore-side bedrooms.
each of them has a private bathroom with a shower.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
you can store your ski equipment on site and relax on the sun terrace or out in the garden.
set on the heights of plombières-les-bains, this grand villa offers two-bedroom apartments with a balcony. it is located just 1 km from the spa town of calodaé.
free services offered at juraku hotel inclues luggage storage at the 24-hour front desk and newspapers.
the 24-hour convenient store provides snacks and drinks. free coffee and tea are offered in the lobby 24 hours a day.
relais de margaux is located in the gironde wine-growing area on a 135-acre natural area. it features an 18-hole golf course, 2 swimming pools, fitness centre and spa.
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet each morning.
belltower motor inn is a short 5-minute drive from shepparton's town centre.
located near budva’s main bus station, villa bojana is surrounded by lush garden and flowers.
the rondola apartments are furnished in modern or alpine style and feature views of the dolmites, satellite tv, and a seating area.
while not housing a restaurant, guests can still indulge in a spread of local and international dishes served at sky grill restaurant, just 3 minutes' walk away.
the buffet breakfast includes hot drinks from the coffee machine, brioches, bread, local honey and marmalades, cheese, eggs, and cold cuts.
featuring a shared lounge, a resident's bar and ski storage, chardons is a hotel located in the espace killy ski region.
at the beach is is possible to play football and volleyball.
the rooms at the andy all come with a refrigerator, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and private bathroom facilities.
belawan port is a 50-minute drive from the centre of medan city or an hour’s drive from polonia international airport.
offering a garden and magnificent cretan sea viiews, villa myrto offers accommodation in hersonissos, 1 km from the centre.
generous full english breakfasts are served daily in the bright and airy dining room, featuring quality local produce.
located in ilhabela, villa villagio di mare offers an outdoor pool.
the pet-friendly hotel also features an aquarium, a stone-built theatre and a playground.
toscana apartment is located in budapest's 9th district on pest side of the city and offers you free private parking, a garden-view terrace, air-conditioning and free wifi.
it includes a flat-screen tv and a bathroom with shower and hairdryer. free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
the air-conditioned apartment will provide you with a tv and a balcony.
the hotel has a indoor pool and hot tub, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
there is also a swing and a sandpit available for the kids.
featuring a private pool with sun loungers, covered dining terrace, and bbq facilities, villa acuario is located in calpe, 1 km from the beach.
the bathroom is complete and comes with bathrobe, slippers and free toiletries.
this apartment features 2 balconies, air conditioning and a seating area. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. featuring a bath, the private bathroom has a hairdryer.
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage and car hire.
it features an outdoor pool and a hot tub as well as free wifi and air conditioning.
makakatana bay lodge has elegantly decorated suites and rooms with wooden furniture and parquet floors.
a 24-hour reception greets guests at this air-conditioned motel.
other facilities at villa adelina include a year-round outdoor pool. the property also has a double room separated from the main house, with access from the terrace.
this hotel is 1.4 km from stockholm’s old town and 2 km from the ericsson globe arena.
the rooms feature a flat-screen tv and have a shower cubicle and a wash basin in the corner.
the nearest airport is naples international airport, 19 km from b&b casa famiglia bellavista.
the 5-star hotel is a 3.5-hour drive from the airport.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a patio with pool view.
its rooms have wooden floors, and wi-fi is free throughout.
bicycles can be hired for free.
the property is located 150 metres from the vittel train station.
guests can enjoy a daily continental breakfast during their stay.
at hoopoes hop - riberac gites you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
the kitchenettes include an oven, fridge and microwave and bed linen and towels are supplied.
the hotel has a bar and a restaurant with an outdoor seating area that serves international cuisine and regional turkish dishes.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave.
each unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
guests of the house may cook their own meals in the full kitchen at their disposal.
some units are air-conditioned.
the topkapi palace and grand bazaar are 5 minutes by foot.
admiral boasts a stylish lounge with a reception desk and lobby bar, a restaurant with non-smoking area, a viennese café, a billiard bar and a night club.
there is a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as a washing machine.
spread over 3 floors, the apartment has a seating area with satellite tv.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer.
une nuit au château offers accommodation in lyon.
set in gardens, the villa features a private outdoor pool and sun terrace with barbecue facilities.
hotel anteroom kyoto is a 10-minute bus ride from tofuku-ji temple, and a 15-minute train ride from both kyoto aquarium and nishiki market.
westermarkt tram stop is less than 250 metres from the hotel.
free private parking in garages is possible and the a11 motorway is a 20-minute drive away.
located along zhouqiao old street, jiading villa garden hotel is a 15-minute drive from guyi garden, a 30-minute drive from hongqiao international airport and a 30-minute drive from people’s square in downtown shanghai.
silversands holiday apartments are a 20-minute drive from arthurs seat state park and lookout.
the kitchen has stove, microwave and fridge, while the bathroom comes with hairdryer.
private bathrooms come with a shower.
nebelhorn i ski lift is just 1.4 km away.
in addition to a fully equipped kitchenette with all the necessary utensils to prepare meals, room service is also available.
various restaurants, shops and supermarkets can be found near bang tao beach, less than a 10 km drive south of the residence.
located in the centre of the targu ocna resort, pensiunea elena enjoys views of the nemira and bargaului mountains.
homestay simaflor is located in pomerode.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
the guest house offers a terrace, and there is free wifi access available.
osprey links golf is 9 km from lakeshore suites plus.
qingdao liuting international airport is an hour' car journey away.
breakfast consists of both sweet and savoury food.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. a microwave, a fridge and stovetop are also provided, as well as a kettle.
the area is known for the quality of its fish dishes.
minsk national airport is 31 km from na karla marksa 25 apartment.
the bedrooms are linked via a staircase, with the second being on a mezzanine.
each room here is air-conditioned, enjoys mountain views, and comes with a flat-screen tv, a wardrobe, a desk, and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
free private parking is available at a location nearby.
scandic borlänge’s fresh, colourful rooms have wooden floors, easy chairs and a tv offering premium movies on demand.
free wi-fi is available.
barbecue facilities and a meeting room are at guests’ disposal.
it is set on 2 floors and has a balcony and a terrace and free wi-fi internet access.
each has a mini-fridge, coffee maker and well-lit desk with ergonomic chair.
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
the fårup summerland adventure park and the beaches along blokhus are only a 20-minute drive from vraa slotshotel, while the town of hirtshals is 40 km away.
currency exchange and car rental services are also available.
certain units feature views of the mountains or garden.
the m4 is less than 2 miles away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower.
a more traditional list of wines is offered at the snack bar, which also provides spirits and soft drinks.
the rooms at the radisson blu edwardian, sussex have a samsung tvs offering up to 300 channels in multiple languages.
you can prepare a simple meal using the microwave, toaster kettle and refrigerator provided.
only a 5-minute drive from haitang bay international shopping complex, shangri-la’s sanya resort & spa features luxurious accommodation with well-equipped modern facilities.
towels are provided.
the air-conditioned unit is 200 metres from agia fotini church.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
the property offers free wifi access and barbecue facilities.
packed lunches can be provided if required.
the apartment is 2 km from bolshoi theatre.
offering modern décor with colourful touches, spacious rooms fresh white linen and classic furnishings.
several museums, entertainment venues, shopping centers, restaurants and cocktail lounges are nearby.
the fusion suites is a boutique hotel providing contemporary and luxurious accommodation at the heart of bangkok's business district with easy transportation links.
gorlero avenue is 8 km from blue marine apartment, while brava beach is 8 km from the property.
eastchase park candlewood suites also offers a business center and a 24-hour front desk.
guests are welcome to eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
the hotel is awarded with a golden green key certificate.
the picos de europa national park is just beyond.
the magiot is set close to the châtillon vineyard, renowned for its famous local wine, the crémant de bourgogne.
gregorio luperon international airport is a 1-hour drive away.
the property offers free secure parking.
plaza del sol square or the gran via avenue are only few metro stops away.
rooms at the acra hotel have parquet floors and elegant furnishings.
situated in pereybere, sunny lagoon holiday villa features a sun terrace and free wifi is provided.
wine glasses, a wine opener, a keurig coffee and tea-making machine is provided in each uniquely-decorated guest room at the alder inn.
bajor panzió, a secluded apartment hotel, is set in large gardens featuring an outdoor swimming pool, large terrace with sun loungers and barbecue facilities.
you can play darts at the hostel.
the property is surrounded by a garden with seating facilities for guests to relax in.
apartments vukovic is a self-catering accommodation located in bigovo, 180 metres from the adriatic sea. the centre of tivat and kotor are both within 13 km of the property.
a bus stop with direct connections to the city centre is right outside the hotel.
at chicanná ecovillage resort you will find a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
you can visit saint-chaffre abbey, just 600 metres away and les estables ski resort is at 15 km.
meanwhile many other restaurants can be found within walking distance.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
free parking is available.
their private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it also features a large sun deck fitted with sun loungers and an outdoor shower.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
willemstad’s town centre is a 15-minute drive away and hato international airport is located 10 km away.
there is a sun terrace where guests can relax.
certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
all rooms at grastenhus bed & breakfast have access to a communal living room and a shared kitchen with all facilities.
with wooden beamed ceilings and terracotta floors, apartments have rustic furnishing, a tv with satellite channels and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and refrigerator. the private bathrooms come with shower and a bidet.
apartments are composed of 1 or 2 separate bedrooms, a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
refugio melingo is 1.7 km from the city centre and 15 km from chapelco ski centre and chapelco’s airport.
there are also 6 bars on site.
free toiletries are fitted in the private bathroom.
the house includes 2 bedrooms, a living room with a tiled stove, a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace.
freewifi access is available. accommodation will provide you with a tv. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator. private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
the ideal starting point for active summer and winter breaks, the hotel is also a destination for recovery and relaxation for body and soul.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are also available.
there is an indoor heated swimming pool, a children’s pool, foot spa, gym, sauna and steam room, all of which are free to hotel guests.
the hotel has a total capacity of about 100 beds arranged in 22 single rooms, 24 double rooms and 4 apartments.
it also has a tranquil garden terrace.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
cable tv and coffee facilities are provided.
this whitecourt hotel provides easy access to local points of interest including graham acres golf club and trees of canada plantation, displaying native trees from all canada's provinces.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
it offers complimentary wifi access and parking.
from may to october, the silvretta all inclusive card is included in the rate.
a television lounge is available to all guests throughout their stay, and the 24-hour reception can offer recommendations for area attractions and dining.
a bar restaurant, featuring its own private beach area, is just 300 metres away.
at home suites offers apartments and studios with free wi-fi and is a 10-minute walk to the hyderabad international convention centre.
within 20 metres of the property, you will find a super market, a restaurant, a café and a bus stop.
the bus station of piazzale roma is 250 metres away.
all are equipped with a private bathroom and shower.
parc des expositions de metz is 5 km from boheme appart, while stade saint-symphorien is 1.1 km from the property. metz-nancy-lorraine airport is 15 km away.
featuring 3 outdoor pools filled with artesian spa water, it offers a restaurant and free parking on site.
offering free wired internet, apartments ivana-iva is a self-catering accommodation located in zadar.
special diet meals can also be prepared upon request, while barbecue facilities are available.
the property offers spacious apartments with air conditioning and a private kitchen.
the 4-star my city hotel is located in a beautiful building in the heart of tallinn’s old town, 250 metres from the town hall square.
paraty is 33 km from the guesthouse, and são paulo is 230 km away.
the old city is 200 metres away.
the property offers self-service laundry facilities and a barbecue area. there is also a games room and a petanque course.
it has free wi-fi and a swimming pool.
visitors will enjoy outdoor recreation in the area, including fishing and hunting in the big hole valley.
convent of san marco is 5 km from quattro ville, while santa maria novella is 5 km from the property.
the attached bathroom comes with a bathtub, shower facilities, hairdryers and free toiletries.
prague is 37 km from sportovní areál horní počaply, while teplice is 47 km away.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
mihail kogalniceanu international airport is within 35 km.
the stylish hotel features a michelin 1-star restaurant and free shuttle services.
hotel residence universo is in prè saint didier centre, 4 km from the courmayeur ski slopes.
the bathroom includes a shower and washing machine.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
horseback riding is provided 300 metres away.
popular meals from the hungarian cuisine can be tasted at the restaurant.
they include wooden furniture and a private bathroom.
free wifi access is available.
yantai laishan international airport is about 25 minutes’ drive away.
gustavo rojas pinilla airport is 8 km away.
all guest rooms and apartments are serviced and most offer a spa bath.
shanghai jiangtian hotel is located close to huangpu river, 1 km from metro line 7.
swim or dine with the luxury of one of the finest views of the aegean region.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
each apartment is individually themed on a famous dutch artist, ranging from masters such as rembrandt and vermeer, to the modern appel and brood.
with vaulted ceilings, each room at b&b ghalà will provide you with a desk and a safe.
free wifi access is available.
non-smoking rooms are available.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 2 km from apartment at sverdlova 55.
parking is possible at an additional cost, but evenings and weekend are free.
the nearest beach is 1 km away.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a balcony.
the front desk operates around the clock, and ticket service is available.
the 7 independent villas overlook the volcano, the islands of thirasia, aspronisi and akrotiri and the most popular sunset of the world.
this riad hotel is located in the heart of the fes medina, morocco.
the nearest airport is ibiza airport, 11 km from the property.
guests of the hilton garden inn memphis/southaven can enjoy free access to the indoor pool and hot tub.
you can also sample moroccan specialties in the restaurant or on the terrace.
rooms at the himara come with air conditioning and a private bathroom.
sunne ski resort is 44 km away.
guests of appartamenti al lumin have discounts at a restaurant nearby.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
free wifi access is available.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer, while towels and linen are included in the rate.
featuring stunning, panoramic views over the indian ocean and the outeniqua mountains, this award-winning 5-star guesthouse offers a deck pool and large suites with patios.
a furnished outdoor dining area is available.
the eggerhof enjoys a quiet location on the outskirts of neustift, just 500 metres from the village centre and 300 metres from the sports and leisure centre.
free private parking is available on site.
sunrise provides a variety of rooms and suites that include free daily bottles of mineral water, daily basket of fresh fruits, free wi-fi and air conditioning.
some have a sea view terrace.
the property is 700 metres from the livu aqua park.
it offers free wi-fi and free parking on site.
wifi is available.
free sunbeds are available at the beach and free parking is possible on site.
free wifi is available.
the hotel staff can assist with arranging car hire and airport shuttles can be organised at an additional charge.
thira airport is 5 km from the property.
well-appointed rooms are fitted with air conditioning.
they also offer a balcony.
the private bathrooms include a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the main train station is a 1.5 km away.
all the apartments at qasr al mosaidya are decorated in modern tones.
with keystone ski and snowboard mountain a 13-minute walk away, activities such as skiing, snowshoeing and ice skating are all easily accessible.
private parking is free of charge on site.
the nearest airport is pula airport, 48 km from the property.
seikei-en garden is 850 metres away.
búzios town centre and the lively rua das pedras street are 2 km from lobo inn.
car hire can be arranged at the tour desk and there is public parking nearby, for an additional cost.
the property is 1.6 km from bangla road and 3.7 km from tri trang beach.
situated on 1,800 acres in powell butte, this ranch boasts an 18-hole golf course, an athletic center and large indoor/outdoor equestrian center.
the kitchen includes an oven, refrigerator and toaster.
offering a restaurant, hotel na trakte is located in yekaterinburg.
buses, trams and the metro all stop close by, the nearest metro stop to hotel tourist being just 100 metres away.
every room at the property includes elegant chalet-style décor with a tv.
each apartment is fitted with a flat-screen tv, wifi and a living area with sofas.
apartment on prospect mira 65 offers pet-friendly accommodation in krasnoyarsk, 200 metres from krasnoyarsk drama pushkin theatre and 400 metres from krasnoyarsk state theatre of opera and ballet.
with river views, the air-conditioned rooms include free wi-fi, a mosquito net and a seating area.
baiyun scenic area is only a 16-minute drive from the property.
located 8 km from the beaches of tricase porto, contrada macchia b&b is a country property set in lush gardens and olive groves.
the franciscan monastery is 300 metres away and makarska bus station is 600 metres from the property.
the opera theatre is 500 metres away.
the rooms in sol inka feature private bathrooms.
rua josé paulino and rua 25 de março feature a variety of stores and markets and are equally a 15-minute drive away.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
times square mall and kool runnings waterpark are each a short distance from the villa.
ecocamp is located 5 km from the amarga lagoon ranger station (1 of the 3 national park entrances).
it is located in the lower saxon town of elze, between hildesheim and hameln.
this bed and breakfast is located a 10-minute drive from central lyon.
free international calls to 60 countries worldwide can be made from the rooms.
rooms feature a tv and free toiletries.
it operates a 24-hour front desk and provides free parking spaces on site.
apartments at la ferula come with a flat-screen tv, kitchen and dining area.
providing a seasonal outdoor pool, it also has a sauna, massage treatments and a video game arcade.
free wifi is available .
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
most also benefit from an en suite bathroom, while some have access to a shared bathroom with roll top bath.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada le refuge is located 100 metres from praia dos coqueiros beach. free wifi access is available in public areas.
amenities such as a tv and a radio are available, plus views of the gardens and the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from here.
you can enjoy a sea view from all the rooms.
nestled up in the hills, luonto boutique pool villa is just 5 km away from hyeopjae beach – known for its sparkling silver sand.
a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator, stove and microwave can be used by all guests, and the property also provides complimentary tea and coffee for the entire stay.
situated only 140 metres from the shore of lake hallstatt, w&s executive apartments is a modern, self-catering apartment in hallstatt.
offering comfortable, well-equipped accommodation and first-class cuisine, the landhaus hohenlohe hotel makes an ideal base for exploring the lovely region of schwäbisch hall.
rooms at this colorado hotel feature cable tv.
featuring air conditioning, su apartment offers stylish guestrooms and a perfect location. shilaoren bathing beach and lida shopping centre are located 5 minutes' stroll away, so is shandong international exhibition centre.
mount buller is 45 km away.
rooms at griya yunika are air-conditioned and are fitted with a flat-screen tv, desk and electric kettle.
a hairdryer, free toiletries and slippers are offered in the bathroom.
parking here is free.
centrally located in the thissio, live in athens thissio apartments offers modernly decorated, self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
the velky javornik is situated 5 km away and the town of bytča can be reached within 10 km.
mazzarò sea palace hotel's wellness centre provides a wide range of massages and spa treatments and has turkish baths.
this motel showcases mount shasta views.
vila california provides also a garden with barbecue facilities.
it offers elegant rooms with free wi-fi, and has a free private parking.
a launderette and a 24-hour reception are offered for added convenience.
evening meals and drinks can be delivered by room service to the motel units.
those wishing to lie-in will appreciate our open-end breakfast.
guests can enjoy sunbathing on the lawn or can rent a bicycle on the property.
landvetter airport is 80 km from the b&b.
parking nearby is available on request.
this resort has a private beach area and car hire is available.
playa blanca is 29 km from terrazas de lanzarote, while corralejo is 39 km away.
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
this rustic-style hotel is 11 km from the a5 motorway and a 20-minute drive from the italian-french border.
the hotel is composed of 36 rooms all equipped with tv, bathroom, toilettes, wi-fi internet access and phone.
on the coast of punta peninsula, hotel dalmatino offers free wi-fi, a beach bar, restaurant and a terrace with marina views.
the apartment is decorated in lively and vibrant colours.
free private parking is available on site at pension arkade.
each unit features air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
the bathrooms are shared, the washing machine and ironing facilities are on site.
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport, 48 km from holiday home calle rotonda de aucunada.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
facilities include outdoor furniture and bbq facilities.
laundry and ironing service is offered for an extra charge.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
staff can assist guests with car rentals and laundry requests.
located only a 10-minute walk from the seafront, villa vanilla offers luxury accommodation with free wi-fi and parking.
albertus airport is 58 km away.
the bajío international airport can be reached in a 25-minute drive.
located beachfront in the grand-bourg area, coco beach marie-galante offers its guests free parking and wi-fi access.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
this monticello motel is within 48 miles of canyonlands national park.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area. there is also an electric kettle.
each has wooden furnishings and a private bathroom with a shower.
certain units feature views of the sea or mountain.
comfort hotel goiânia (centro de convenções) is 8 km from santa genoveva airport.
hotel chapul inn has a tour desk that offers ticket services, massages can be delivered in the privacy of the guests' rooms and the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
other facilities like a garden and a ticket service are featured.
set in a 16-th century building just 300 metres from saint mark's square, hotel torino is just off calle larga xxii marzo, the main shopping street in venice.
copenhagen kastrup airport is 46 km from the property.
glyfada is 7 km from asteraki aparthotel, while sarandë is 28 km away.
the indianapolis international airport, lucas oil fieldhouse and bankers life fieldhouse are within 25 minutes’ drive of this hotel.
rooms and suites at guest house au coin de la rue feature an earth tone décor and wooden floors.
uspenivs'kyi park is a 5-minute walk, and mariupol’ central market is 7 km away.
an en suite bathroom comes with a bathtub and shower facilities.
a walk down the lungomare promenade leads via opatija, to the village of volosko. lovran, boasting a beautiful old town dating from the 19th century, is located at the foot of the mountains and the učka nature park.
i graniti apartment is located in san pasquale, 9 km from palau.
shopping and entertainment center akropolis is 2.9 km from napoleon hill apartment, while st. michael the archangel's church in kaunas is 3.4 km away.
coronado island is 20 minutes’ drive from the motel.
some have a private bathroom.
wifi access is available.
there is also an à la carte restaurant and a bar on site.
the hotel is 4.9 km from bethel college. the potawatomi zoo is 12 minutes’ drive away.
suanphueng garland is a 5-minute drive from scenery farm.
free wifi access is available.
it provides free private parking.
some rooms feature a private balcony.
sovanphum hotel is located about 20 metres from sangke lake in battambang.
it also features a pro shop and an outdoor swimming pool.
in the heart of downtown cairo, atlas hotel features simply styled rooms with balcony.
guests can play table tennis and use a ski storage room.
it is 8 km from jinzhou metro station (line 4) and a 45-minute drive from pazhou international exhibition centre.
the on-site dining options include eatery signature restaurant, china spice chinese restaurant and the lobby lounge.
the modern, soundproofed rooms in hotel granda all have flat-screen satellite tv and garden views.
western and chinese dishes can be sampled at the café while the lobby lounge provides a cosy environment for light snacks and cocktails.
every room comes with a tv. enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony.
located on highway 63, this northern arkansas motel is 5 miles from downtown hardy.
free wifi internet and free public parking are available at the hotel.
at top hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, while there is a vending machine in the lobby.
in the surroundings you will find shops (1.6 km) and a restaurant (4 km).
free wifi access and free private parking are also available.
there are several restaurants close to hotel acropolis, offering a choice of bulgarian, turkish and chinese cuisine.
the apartments also provide a kitchen or an american-style kitchenette. each one is equipped with an oven, hotplates and a microwave for preparing meals.
the unit features 2 bedrooms, an open-plan living room, a pollinger kitchen, dining area, and a south-facing terrace with views of the matterhorn mountain.
hotel maharani plaza is 3 km from jantar mantar and 3.7 km from hawa mahal, two of the city's historical monuments.
each apartment also features a balcony with views of the rhine valley.
the front desk is available 24/7.
this stylish hotel in eisenach offers free wifi and panoramic views of the wartburg castle and the thuringian forest.
guests can use a shared fully equipped kitchen on ground floor, as well as barbecue facilities in the garden.
lake eufaula state park and fountainhead golf course are a 20-minute drive from this best value inn checotah.
there is a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
you can enjoy garden view.
free secure parking is available.
also a gourmet shop with a selected choice of regional delicacies is available on site.
breakfast, lunch and dinner are served at the in-house restaurant. basic groceries, gifts and textiles can be bought at the souvenir shop.
all units have a kitchenette equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
the kitchen includes a hob, microwave and fridge.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as snorkelling, diving and fishing.
each room in laoshan minsu hostel is fitted with a tv. slippers and free toiletries can be found in the private bathroom.
fuaye bar, sunset bar, l'escalier bar, aqua, marina bar, beach bar, yelken bar and amphi bar.
there are lounges in the one bedroom apartments, which feature a flat-screen tv with a wide range of channels.
a 24-hour reception is offered at watsonville economy inn.
a restaurant service and cooking courses are also available.
free private, on-site parking is possible.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning, and flat-screen tvs.
it offers a gym, indoor swimming pool and free wi-fi throughout the hotel.
full buffet breakfasts are available at the achat dresden altstadt in the mornings, and the feldschlösschen restaurant serves regional saxon specialities.
featuring an outdoor, self standing pool, a patio with a seating area and a small garden, villa olga is located 6 km from rimini.
cafés, bars and restaurants can be found in the streets surrounding the hotel.
we are an english free house pub and we endeavour to cater for all palates, offering a varied selection of well kept beers, ales, lagers, wines and spirits, soft drinks, tea and coffee. the plough is a place for community where everyone is welcome.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the bed and breakfast casa de solana is just a 5-minute drive from the public beach at anastasia state park.
all units have a flat-screen tv. an oven and kettle are also offered.
the apartment is less than 30 minutes’ drive from cocowalk shopping center and marlins park.
an airport shuttle service is available on request.
rooms provide guests with a private bathroom, bed linen and towels.
hermosa palms b&b is located in playa hermosa beach in papagayo golf.
the luxurious spa features a range of full-body massages, as well as egyptian relaxation treatments using coconut scrubs and algae wraps.
wifi is free in the entire hotel.
the nearest airport is trieste airport, 34 km from the property.
guests can find a common garden and terrace at praga apartment tyrsova.
sekelgården’s charming, rustic restaurant features its own microbrewery.
an oven, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
located in aurangabad, 4.4 km from bibi ka maqbara, hotel indradeep executive features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking.
the apartments at haus daheim all come with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a living area with a sofa bed for 2, and a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
rooms are air conditioned and come with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and a private balcony.
situated in rouffach, along the alsatian wine route and 600 metres from the train station, studio rouffach offers a garden and a furnished terrace.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
free wi-fi access is available throughout.
the spires of the church of our lady before týn can be seen in the background.
it enjoys panoramic views of chersonisos and malia gulf from its furnished balconies.
all rooms at eszter gasthaus come equipped with a tv and a fridge. each unit has a private bathroom with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries as well.
the all-inlcusive kartal hotel serves all meals buffet style.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
del siglo shopping mall is 300 metres away.
every room has an en suite bathroom as well, with toiletries and a hairdryer.
the nearest airport is nizhny novgorod international airport, 16 km from yes! hostel.
monet’s gardens at giverny are a 50-minute drive from the accommodation.
towels and bed linen as well as slippers are available in this apartment.
staff at reception can help you with services like bike rental.
changing facilities and lockers are available for guests who stay in the annexe.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
assisi is a 30-minute drive from b&b il maneggio, while spoleto is 30 km away.
situated in the jinniu business district of west chengdu, inn barsby hotel is 500-metres from one of chengdu’s most famous western restaurants, the sentosa.
there is also a common living room with a tv on the ground floor. premium hostel also offers a gated parking and a bar where meals can be ordered.
set in a renovated country mansion from 1932 in de haan, b&b convent offers classic rooms with free wi-fi. it features an on-site bicycle rental service and a sun terrace for breakfast.
a fully equipped kitchen and dining area are provided at apartment 605.
beauty treatments are also provided here.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
park hyatt hotel features a bicycle valet program which is a unique way to explore the city.
zum felde ferienwohnungen is the ideal base for exploring the harbour town of zum felde ferienwohnungen.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi in all areas.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
all rooms at rallye hotel feature air conditioning, satellite tv and a private bathroom.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out george r. brown convention center (900 metres) and theatre district houston (1.2 km).
it is a 10-minute drive from underwater world and pantai cenang beach.
special dietary requirements can also be catered for.
an extensive buffet breakfast is served every morning.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the private bathrooms.
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
private bathroom includes a hairdryer, free toiletries and shower.
the alba apartmanok in siófok offers self-catering apartments featuring free wifi. the property is 1 km from siófok train station and 3 km from the galerius bath.
the sayano-shushenskaya dam is 40 km from sayanogorsk hotel, and abakan airport is 87 km away.
all rooms are equipped with a satellite tv.
a spa centre can be found just 20 metres from villa verde and the bansko bus station is 500 metres away.
it has a 24-hour front desk, a gym and a billiards room.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and a 4x4 trips.
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen tv and a minibar.
the family-run villa maria offers discounts at the ischia thermal baths for guests staying 3 nights or more.
featuring a spacious garden with a terrace and free-to-use barbecue facilities, apartments sunadria also helps organise excursions to nearby towns and national parks.
the hotel's restaurant serves various lunch and dinner items inspired by the dutch and french cuisine.
ironing facilities are also available.
luggage storage can be arranged upon request.
red hotel is located in the northern part of novosibirsk, a 5-minute walk from zaeltsovskaya metro station.
the city gate is located in the centre of exeter with a traditional pub, dining room and garden surrounded by the historic city wall.
tea and coffee service is offered throughout the day.
barao 205 is a self-catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro, just 2 blocks from copacabana beach.
originally built in 1885, gingerbread manor is located in montréal, only steps away from square st-louis.
guests also enjoy the convenience of 24-hour butler service and free wi-fi throughout the property.
each room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the hotel julia is situated in rivabellosa, a small town on the a-1 motorway in the basque country.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the high line park and times square are both 1.2 km from the apartment.
levanto train station is a 15-minute walk from the bruna.
maritim hotel can provide a shuttle service to torp sandefjord airport on request.
a breakfast buffet is served in the light and airy breakfast room overlooking the landscaped gardens with a lap pool.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave.
some rooms have a bathtub.
copenhagen kastrup airport is 23 km away, while malmö-sturup airport is 24 km from the hotel.
this holiday home is 28 km from bergerac-roumanière airport.
a grocery shop can be found just 200 metres from the property, as can numerous restaurants, bars, cafés and boutiques.
featuring a seawater pool and whirlpool, they offer tastefully decorated accommodation with free wifi.
ayr, troon and prestwick airport are all around 1 hour’s drive north of ballantrae.
the property has its own restaurant, 24-hour front desk and provides free private parking.
rooms come with vibrant fabrics, wooden furnishings and windows that provide natural light.
each unit has heating, a fan and a cable tv.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property, as well as a terrace where you can relax.
the schwarzer adler offers free wi-fi and free parking.
winter skiing and summer water rafting, horseback riding and fishing opportunities are offered in the area around this hotel.
noosa tropicana is just 10 minutes’ walk from gympie terrace, which features riverfront dining and shopping.
at pousada recanto da alegria you will find a garden and barbecue facilities. other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and an ironing service.
a continental breakfast is available every morning at the margate, and a buffet breakfast is served in the summer months.
guests of the hotel benefit from a 20% discount in a restaurant nearby.
tuan chau island is 13 km away.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hotel kuzmolovo offers pet-friendly accommodation in kuyalovo, 21 km from saint petersburg.
located just 100 metres walk from ulitsa 1905 goda metro station in moscow city, this guest house features fully equipped rooms with free wifi. the moscow expo centre is within an 8-minute drive from the property.
some units also feature a balcony.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out marari beach that is 25 km and the karunakaran musuem that is 30 km.
at un jardin sur la dune you will find free parking.
all of suites have a 32-inch led tv with limited cable channels.
operating a 24-hour front desk to assist guests, kumarakom houseboats is located in kumarakom.
other facilities at pie draugiem include a sauna.
these simple and practical apartments give you total freedom to plan your holiday.
it features the large aquarena spa area and an indoor pool.
national theatre of opera and ballet can be found within 1.5 km.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
you can even stop for some fishing or a refreshing dip in a lake on the way.
other features include free wifi, in-room ironing facilities, free toiletries and towels.
starway hotel suzhou shi road is 1 km from tiger hill, a famous tourist attraction.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a fridge and a stovetop.
the kremlin and the red square are a 15-minute walk away.
mamac is 2.3 km away.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
selhurst park, the home of crystal palace football club is only a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
the beautiful sea views from your balcony provide the perfect setting for corfu's sunset.
the bad brambach spa and wellness centre at the santé royale hotel features different pools, steam baths, and a jacuzzi.
a rich breakfast buffet is served each morning until 11:00.
moskovsky train station is 10 km from the property. pulkovo airport is 10.5 km away.
malecon 2000 is a 5-minute drive away.
riverfront hotel mukdahan is located next to mekong river.
a basic breakfast is possible with an extra cost and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the accommodation.
each is air conditioned and comes with a satellite flat-screen tv.
some units feature a dining area and/or terrace.
a variety of local shopping centres and restaurants are also easily accessible.
the villa also offers balconies and a large garden.
free guided walking tours in bucharest are offered, and bicycles are available for rent.
it offers apartments with air conditioning and a tv.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
the nearest airport is milan linate airport, 6 km from the property.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out sanctuary of atotonilco 10 km away.
located at a 10-minute walking distance from the popular garuda mall, hotel tom's operates a 24-hour front desk to assist and welcome guests. free wifi access is available throughout the property.
a russian-style breakfast buffet and a range of international evening meals are available at the restaurant.
oasis scaleta hotel features a swimming pool with individual baby pool and complimentary sun beds and umbrellas.
free bicycle rentals and barbecue facilities are available.
the apartment is 1.7 km from the historic gendarmenmarkt square, 2 km from the historic unter den linden boulevard and 10 km from tegel airport.
experience personal and friendly service at the impérial, a 2-star hotel located in the centre of laval, 200 metres from the train station.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning at this timhotel.
for that special occasion, ask about rooms with whirlpool bathtubs. handicap accessible and non-smoking rooms are available.
located in uderns, appartement dominik offers bright and modern apartment which are equipped with solid wooden furnishings. the hochzillertal, hochfügen and spieljoch ski areas are within 3 km.
pueblo pez bungalow features a country-style decor and a charming deck with a seating area.
wifi and parking are free
the property offers free parking.
located in the central business district of makati city, azotea suites features a 24-hour front desk, a business centre and modern rooms and suites fitted with a private kitchenette.
free bottled water is provided while a private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
with a stone façade, the apartments offer bright bedrooms and a living-dining room with a tv and open-plan kitchen including a stove and microwave.
free wi-fi is provided in the entire property.
nueva hespérides international airport is 10 km from the hotel.
located in the residential area of beausoleil, these modern eco-friendly apartments are less than 2 km from monte carlo casino and the beach.
the kitchen features a stove, fridge, microwave and kitchenware.
guests are welcome to enjoy numerous activities free of charge, including tennis and badminton courts, as well as a football pitch.
casanovas hotel boutique is 15-minute drive from el dorado international airport.
fitted with tiled flooring, modern air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a personal safe. coffee and tea making amenities and a minibar are included.
wi-fi access is available in this holiday park.
situated in bettystown, is just a 10-minute drive from central drogheda.
featuring a free sauna and turkish bath, residence villa flora apartments is set 150 metres from the sella ronda ski lift and slopes in san cassiano. it offers self-catering accommodation complete with a balcony.
russian national public library for science and technology is 4.2 km from apartment on gorskiy 63/1, while novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 4.3 km away.
all include a seating area, a private bathroom and a kitchenette with a fridge and coffee maker.
all rooms come with free wi-fi, a tv and private bathroom with hairdryer.
mariategui hotel & suites features free wifi .
the hotel is located about 3 km from ankleshwar industries and 6 km from panoli industries.
the ramada raleigh blue ridge guest rooms include ironing facilities and a coffee maker.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing, canoeing and hiking.
business travellers will appreciate the quick connections to the berchtesgaden congress centre.
guests of anna's b&b can visit the nearby lace-museum, windmills and several baroque churches.
this bed and breakfast offers free wi-fi access.
each is air conditioned and has a tv and balcony or terrace overlooking the sea.
parking is also free and the town centre and grocery store are within a 5-minute walk.
there is also an outside shower, patio, arbour and barbecue.
it includes a library area and a small japanese stone garden.
all rooms at hostel helsingborg have a shared bathroom and a work desk.
each air-conditioned or fan-cooled room at this accommodation features a tv, a telephone and a wardrobe.
the suite features a view of the garden, a wardrobe, a seating area and tea and coffee making facilities.
its restaurant serves a variety of meals throughout the day, and wi-fi is free.
exploring koh lanta is easy with a tour desk that offers ticket and car hire services.
modern rooms offer free wi-fi, satellite tv, air conditioning and a pillow menu.
this family-style boarding house has 8 rooms for a maximum of 22 guests and offers a safe closed parking place for your car.
roma cinecitta is located alongside a park and is 20 minutes' walk from the subaugusta metro station.
after relaxing at the sauna or hammam, guests can benefit from massage facilities.
the restaurant d.a.s. hungerberg serves austrian and international cuisine and a wide selection of austrian wines.
habita estudios laureles has rooms with cable tv and private bathrooms with hot water.
on-site parking is free for guests.
some units include a seating area for your convenience.
via mazzini is 1.2 km from a casa di giulia b&b, while piazza bra is 1.3 km from the property.
the reception works 24 hours a day.
set 100 metres from the sea and 2.9 km from kuzum baba in vlorë, this apartment features a balcony.
the comfort hotel cdg goussainville is 200 metres from the rer station which will transport you to paris within minutes.
tito's club is 1.2 km from goa homeland - calangute, while casino palms is 1.6 km away.
there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a microwave and fridge.
the accommodation is 350 metres from entença metro station, and free wi-fi is provided.
the hotel is 1.2 km from guangzhou railway station, 1.3 km from yuexiu park station and 1.8 km from guangzhou city art museum.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
the complex has a large central swimming pool, with a separate pool for kids, a large sun terrace, a padel court, pool tables, and a restaurant-cafeteria with terrace.
immersed in a large pinewood and a stroll away from its private beach, augustus hotel & resort offers air-conditioned rooms, 2 restaurants, a pool, and a spa.
set in csopak, just 30 metres from the public beach at lake balaton, sétány apartman offers self-catered accommodation with free wifi access, free parking and a garden with a children’s playground.
public parking facilities are provided in front of the hotel.
located in a peaceful area, hvar town centre and the bustling riva promenade are 15 minutes’ walk away.
phuket international airport is located 21 km away.
the accommodation features a large garden and a shared lounge with tv.
local bars and restaurants can be reached within a 5-minute walk. grocery stores can be found within 140 metres from port de nice.
free private parking is on site.
offering an outdoor pool and an extensive garden, royal caribbean resort is located on a private beach in san pedro.
private bathrooms offer a hairdryer, bathrobe and slippers.
alcudia is 1.4 km from ca na botigueta, while playa de palma is 49 km from the property.
the property offers free private parking, and is located 9 km from fidenza.
it offers elegant apartments with free wi-fi, as well as a sauna and a fitness centre.
pj’s café, located on-site, provides a daily breakfast buffet with eggs, waffles, biscuits and gravy and cold items.
the 24-hour reception is available to help guests with any queries, and there is free parking on site.
traditional dishes prepared with local ingredients and accompanied by homemade raki can also be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant overlooking the lush surroundings.
hostel is 2 km from smolensk central train station and 7 km from smolensk yuzhnyy airport.
san diego international airport is located 4 km away.
the village of narok is 90.5 km away.
towels and bed linen are provided.
each room features a tv and a minibar, and some units also have views of the matterhorn mountain.
the kitchen has a dishwasher.
offering an outdoor pool for adults and one for children, a sun terrace, and apartments with a furnished outdoor area, riparbella's il casolare val di mare is 10 km from the seaside.
it comes with a full kitchen, dining area and living area with a flat-screen cable tv. the washing machine, dryer, refrigerator and air conditioning and heating systems can be controlled by the guest.
providing mountain views, the apartment includes a bedroom, a living room with a seating area and satellite flat-screen tv, a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, and a bathroom with a corner bath.
this guest house is a 5-minute walk from the historical centre of matera.
the reception works for 24 hours a day, and arranges boat tours upon request.
an applebee’s restaurant is adjacent to the property lot.
you can also enjoy your breakfast in the privacy of your room.
you can also enjoy a walk in the park opposite the hotel, or explore a wide range of restaurants and bars nearby.
units have modern wooden furnishings and 2 separate bedrooms, a dining/living area with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv.
massage, wellness and beauty treatments are offered at six senses spa.
the property offers free parking.
split airport is located 46 km away.
24-hour front desk service is provided.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
a number of restaurants serving a range of local and international cuisines can be found within 4 km.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 20 km from tripvillas @ anol haven.
guests can also purchase disney tickets at the hotel.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area. there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
it offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi and bbq facilities in puerto iguazú.
all simply-decorated studios and apartments in golden sun feature air conditioning and a tv with satellite channels.
at shangri-la jinshi huangchao hotel you will find an airport shuttle and a 24-hour front desk.
ula's holiday apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in beatenberg.
guests at el rampiral can order regional dishes at the on-site restaurant and snacks at the bar.
main bus station and ferry port are located 2.5 km away, and dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 22 km.
located 300 metres from the beach and a 15-minute walk from the commercial area, mary hosting features a fully equipped common kitchen and a lounge area in san andrés island.
guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast every morning.
it offers modern rooms with free high-speed internet, free parking spaces and a 24-hour reception.
a 15-minute car ride from grand hotel leads to jamtos mall.
malta international airport is 12 km from the property.
a bath and shower can be found in the private bathroom.
this hotel offers 5-star accommodation, varied dining options and a wellness centre with whirlpool, gym, sauna, squash court, massages and beauty treatments in the heart of santiago.
the centre of vilnius also accommodates a range of eateries.
the hotel has a large swimming pool with a section for children, plus a children's playground.
some rooms feature a glass shower and a circular bed.
the accommodation features a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv. all units feature a kitchen fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
the nearest airport is rijeka airport, 22 km from apartments buneta 4213.
featuring hardwood flooring and modern furnishings, each home at amber house is fitted with a small kitchen and a balcony with sea or mountain views.
there is a living room with a sofa bed and tv.
surrounded by nature and featuring rustic décor, hotel finca la mansión boasts an outdoor pool, garden and sun terrace.
bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for snorkelling.
bicycle and car rental are available on site.
saint jean de luz beaches are at 5 km and biarritz airport is a 20-minute drive away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
you can park your car free of charge in front of the building.
there is a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
it offers panoramic mountain views, rooms with free wi-fi, and a ski storage room.
this hotel is located at the entrance of chartres, just on the n10 motorway. it is a 5-minute drive from the city centre and the famous chartres cathedral, and offers free wi-fi.
the property offers free parking.
guests can use the free tea/coffee facilities in the dom versal hotel’s shared kitchen.
the guest rooms at the regina are equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower.
set in odessa, this apartment features free wifi. the unit is 100 metres from duke de richelieu monument.
the apartments are elegantly decorated in warm colours and feature patterned wallpapers.
kaunas is 8 km from apartamentai ringauduose, while birštonas is 35 km away.
hotel shanghai dabaishu greentree inn is a 5-minute walk from shanghai university of finance and economics and fudan university.
extra's include a washing machine with tumble dryer, garden furniture and a barbecue.
rocamadour and lascaux caves are less than 40 km away and there is free parking on site.
the public areas include a lounge with a billiard table and a bar.
located 600 metres from st. peter's basilica, petite madeleine offers accommodation in rome. the unit is 700 metres from vatican museums.
it is 30 minutes’ drive from thredbo village and perisher valley.
in less than 3 km, guests will find the modern complex wellness termal nymphaea.
victoria golf course and moreno valley mall are less than 6 miles away from this motel.
each accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchenette.
the opava main bus and train station can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
meeting facilities are on site and free parking is provided.
dormitory brownstone - brooklyn is located in bushwick.
free wi-fi is provided.
the guest house is 4.2 km from centurion lake, 4.3 km from centurion mall and 6.8 km from centurion golf estate. o.r.
while staying at the siesta suites, guests are within walking distance of beaches and biking trails.
the botanical gardens of acapulco are 2.3 miles from this luxury hotel.
the calamigos beach club also offers full dining and beach bar service with views of the malibu coastline from every window.
a coffee machine is also available.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment on petrovskaya ploshchad.
guests can relax on the sun terrace and in the lounge featuring a tiled stove.
the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, a balcony and satellite tv.
promenade du paillon is 800 metres from le grimaldi, while cours saleya is 900 metres from the property.
spanish inspired, rooms are furnished in period pieces, cast iron detail and colourful paintings.
hotel torre barbara features lush, mediteranean gardens complete with a swimming pool and sun loungers.
round off your perfect day with a drink in the garden bar.
the kahului airport is 10 miles away.
the hotel provides spacious non-smoking rooms with an individual design.
rosh hanikra grottoes is 5 km from the chalet.
all rooms have access to shared bathroom facilities.
sampeng market is 2.7 km from bangkok station, while wat pho is 2.9 km and wat arun is 2.7 km away from the property.
air-conditioned rooms are fitted with a flat-screen cable tv and tea/coffee-making facilities.
staff at the tour desk provide information on local attractions and assist with car hire.
some units also have a balcony.
offsite parking is provided at a surcharge.
extras include slippers and a hair dryer.
this former family home now functions as a luxury guest house with a rooftop terrace and views of the medina.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk. staff at the 24-hour reception can assist with luggage storage bicycle rental and airport shuttle services.
a mini oven, microwave and stove are provided for making home-cooked meals.
the apartments will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a living room.
the nearest airport is valencia airport, 13 km from the property.
each studio includes a refrigerator, microwave and kettle, and some also have a patio.
it offers a double room and an apartment with en-suite bathroom facilities, free wi-fi and views of the garden.
hollywood hostel is located in moscow, 100 metres from perovsky park. perovo metro station is within a 15-minute walk.
at le transaquitain you will find a garden and a terrace.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out agioi anargyroi chruch and the church by st. paul's pillar at 1 km.
xingcheng rujia guest house offers simply-furnished accommodation with a chinese restaurant.
guests of the south akron holiday inn are welcome to relax in front of the lobby’s fireplace or work out in the fitness center. a 24-hour business center offers a public computer, fax and printing services.
a bus stop is located 200 metres away, taking you directly to the centre of baden-baden.
this hotel in buenos aires, caba is just a few minutes’ walk from the historical avenida 9 de julio.
a safety deposit box is also available in each room.
metekhi side hotel is located in tbilisi city centre, in avlabari district.
offering free wi-fi access, it also features a sauna, massage services and a rooftop pool offering views over the sea and city.
24-hour room service is available upon request.
tenerife sur airport is 30 km away.
the city of arrecife is 6 km from the barceló teguise beach – adults only, and lanzarote airport is 20 minutes away by car.
the property is 1 km from ypsos beach.
located in hamra district, silver city apartments offers a 24-hour front desk. guests can make use of the free wi-fi in the entire hotel.
horseback riding can be organised 1 km away.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a minibar. there is also an electric kettle.
rooms at the mh piacenza junior hotel have a satellite tv, carpeted floors and a private bathroom with shower.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including fishing and hiking.
the hotel is a 15-minute walk from universal studios singapore.
the mattala rajapaksa international airport is 85 km away.
rooms at io e mia sorella bed and breakfast come with a tv, a desk and tiled or marble floors.
a sweet breakfast is served daily and includes homemade cakes. this morning treat is served at the table in the breakfast room of a casa di lucia.
free time activities include the aqua park špindlerův mlýn which is 5-minutes away on foot.
catering services are available for meetings and events.
the hotel offers a daily continental breakfast, an indoor swimming pool and free wi-fi.
there is no on-site restaurant in this property while guests can find many restaurants easily within steps.
foca is 160 km from site soley.
bayern hof features free wifi throughout the property.
furthermore, each room includes a balcony and wi-fi internet access.
the famous world heritage town of hallstatt is 15 km away.
the property offers free parking.
the famous royal mile is just a mile away, and waverley railway station is within a 20-minute walk.
towels and bed linen are featured at hazilla de raya.
appartement le télémark is located in châtel, just 700 metres from super châtel ski slopes and cable car.
the accommodation features a tv. there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a fridge.
friendly staff can organise cooking classes and wine tasting.
the hotel is located in centric miraflores, with easy access to museums, cafes, bars and great shopping experiences.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, pensione venezia offers pet-friendly accommodation in brno.
free wifi is offered in all areas.
the café bar is open daily and serves a range of traditional food and beverages.
you can drive to the lanzarote golf resort in 5 minutes and lanzarote airport is 9 km away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee brewer and a microwave.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
blue corner is 300 metres from segara beach inn, while mangrove point is 1.8 km from the property.
it offers free wi-fi throughout, a garden, and air-conditioned accommodation with satellite flat-screen tv.
there is also a bar on site.
offering high ceilings and hard wood floors, this 3-bedroom, split-level apartment features a living room with a flat-screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with stove, microwave and dishwasher.
the restaurant offers a daily buffet breakfast with western and local dishes from early in the morning.
onnicha hotel is centrally located with a 5-minute drive to the centre of phuket.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven and toaster. a fridge and stovetop are also provided, as well as a kettle.
the scenic fuxing park is a 5-minute walk away.
surat thani airport is 19 km from the property.
it offers self-catered accommodation, a garden and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
each room offers views of the volcanic hillside and includes a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
austin city centre is a 30 minutes' drive away.
all beds have electronic adjustment controls.
offering a bar-restaurant, a terrace and free wifi, hotel villa mar is located just 150 metres from marsella beach, near san juan del sur.
this renovated country house is 3 km from the a14 motorway, and a 10-minute drive from the a1 autostrada del sole motorway.
located in piesendorf-walchen, right next to a ski lift, ferienhof beim naglbauer offers free wifi, a garden with a sun terrace, a wellness area and a restaurant with a bar. free parking spaces are available on site.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
goodwood motor circuit is 10.3 miles away and chichester cathedral is 11 miles away.
the historic centre is 1 km away.
younger guests have the opportunity to use the playroom, playground and table tennis.
other options can be reached within 900 metres.
set on the corner of via nazionale you are right in the heart of one of the most popular shopping districts in rome, a 10-minute walk from termini station.
this family-run guest house offers elegantly decorated rooms with air conditioning and a balcony.
the private bathroom includes either a bath or a shower and free toiletries.
the kitchenette features a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave, toaster and refrigerator. a stovetop and kettle are also featured.
features include a hot breakfast and an outdoor pool.
accommodation will provide you with a patio. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
caesarea harbor is a short drive away, while caesarea train station is 5 minutes away by car.
the rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the property will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a dvd player.the kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
set amidst gardens, golden temple hotel features traditional khmer décor and hospitality blended with modern comforts.
within a 10-minute walk there are several bars and restaurants, some serving typical portuguese food.
the private bathroom comes with either a bath or shower.
hiking and cycling opportunities are available in the surrounding area.
each has a well-equipped kitchenette, a seating area and a tv.
sorrento is 48 km from hotel al palazzetto set fair, while salerno is 30 km away.
the self-catered studios and apartments ikaros are air-conditioned. free in-room wi-fi is available, and rooms come with a tv and a well equipped kitchenette with fridge.
apartment residenza canto sereno minusio is a four-room self-catering accommodation with a surface area of 120 m2, located in contra.
featuring free wi-fi access throughout, zohar hostel offers desktop computers for guest use. it is located 450 metres from plaza de bolivar and 10 minutes' walk from monsterrat's mountain and from gold museum in bogotá.
accommodations at la calabaza feature a colorful décor, private bathrooms and lovely views of the garden and surrounding mountains.
wi-fi is free throughout.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
the spacious living room offers plenty of seating and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
tulum archaeological site is 3.1 km from hotel el cedro, while the great cenote, a subterranean natural fresh-water pool, is 3.4 km away.
the odissea 2000 waterpark is a 20-minute drive away.
fitted with air conditioning, all rooms have a cable tv. some enjoy views of the garden.
the property is just a 15-minute drive from trincomalee railway station.
marcadet-poissonière and château rouge metro stations offer direct access to les halles shopping district, the latin district, montparnasse and saint-lazare stations, and the orsay museum.
surbiton railway station provides easy access to central london in a 20-minute train journey.
the mezzanine in the living area also offers two sleeping capacities.
apartments’ terrace and balcony are fitted with a table and chairs. here, guests can have their meals in warm months.
there is also a bar, children’s playground and bicycle rental service at pension casa drumetului.
the homestay also offers car hire.
free wi-fi access is available.
stay at this sophisticated hotel and unwind in its stylish, contemporary interior. start your day off with a wholesome breakfast and admire the wonderful view of the marmara sea.
the bricks sports lounge is a stylish and lively place, perfect for an informal drink and light snacks with friends and business associates while watching all your favourites’ sports.
the manati park, an interesting touristic attraction, can be reached in a 10-minute drive.
at 7days inn guangzhou pazhou you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the chateau is a 5-minute drive from ladphrao mrt subway station, providing great access throughout the city.
toulouse-blagnac airport is located 55 km from petit saussignac.
the hotel's panoramic spots include the gardens, the restaurant, and the terrace, great for sunbathing.
the banaras bus station is 1 km away, varanasi railway station is 3 km while the lal bahadur shastri international airport is 30 km away.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries. extras include cable channels.
guests can also relax in the sunbathing area.
naha airport is a 40-minute drive.
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site.
for your comfort bed linen and towels are provided.
there are 4 bars, one of which is a swim-up bar.
raekoja plats and tartu’s town hall are 130 metres away.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
non-smoking rooms are available.
valle de la luna will provide you with cable tv, terraces and full kitchen facilities.
the area is full of hiking opportunities of varying difficulty levels.
all spacious guest rooms at this colorado hotel include refrigerators, microwaves, irons, ironing boards, hair dryers, coffee makers, premium cable channels and video game consoles.
the private bathrooms come with free toiletries and towels.
the youngest can enjoy themselves at bajlandia, a children’s recreation area, accessible free of charge.
shadow angkor villa is 600 metres away from pub street while wat preah prom rath is 350 metres from the property. the angkor national museum is 1.6 km away.
edinburgh military tattoo is 600 metres from city stay hostel edinburgh, while omni centre is 700 metres from the property.
free private parking is provided on site.
this air-conditioned holiday home comes with a well-equipped kitchen, a dining area, a spacious living room with a flat-screen tv and a dvd player, and a bathroom with a shower.
if you reserve in advance, the hosts can also prepare regional dishes and vegetarian meals for dinner.
air-conditioned rooms at maritim hotel come with flat-screen satellite tv. the private bathroom includes a bathtub, hairdryer, and free toiletries.
surrounded by vineyards, il colle rigomagno is situated in the countryside of rigomagno, just 20 minutes’ drive from lake trasimeno.
free wifi access is available throughout.
one-bedroom apartment on sovetskaya is set in brest, 450 metres from the mukhavets river and 2.5 km from brest fortress.
it takes 20 minutes to reach the hotel by car from ngurah rai international airport.
as well as the full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator, the barbecue facilities allow guests to prepare their own meals.
apartments and chalets at apart hotel litoral sul feature a cable tv and air conditioning.
the hotel has 24-hour hot water and air conditioning.
guests can relax and tan in the garden.
free private parking and free wifi are available.
the air-conditioned house features a bedroom, a living area with sofa bed and flat-screen satellite tv and a kitchen.
railway station is 500 metres from property, while talagi airport is 9 km from the property.
all apartments have a furnished balcony looking out to the green garden of the hotel.
this property's privileged location allows guests to relax in the outdoor infinity swimming pool with uninterrupted sea views.
located seconds from interstate 20, this hotel is a 10-minute drive from downtown abilene and its attractions, like the paramount theatre.
featuring free wifi a barbecue, willa świt offers accommodation in maków podhalański, 60 km from kraków. free private parking is available on site.
with an equipped patio, this three-bedroom apartment is equipped with an ipod dock, flat-screen tv and a kitchen with oven, dishwasher and coffee machine. the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and bidet.
within 1 km you can find the grindelwald-männlichen gondola cable car taking you from grindelwald to männlichen in 30 minutes.
they have private bathroom facilities and feature tea/coffee machine and a hair dryer.
in the morning, a french-style continental breakfast is served.
these quietly located, non-smoking apartments in büsum are about 350 metres from the north sea coastline and sandy beach.
there is also a pool table for guest's use.
each apartment has a private bathroom and the kitchen is fully equipped with cutlery, crockery and cookware.
offering an outdoor pool and an extensive garden, finca hotel arrayanes del quindio is located 1.5 km from montenegro central park. free wifi access is available in all areas.
delphi is located in agios gordios of corfu, within 80 metres from the beach and a short walk from tavers and shops.
sleeping up to 4 guests, lavender lodge is a 10-minute drive from newquay and less than 10 miles from truro.
this apartment is fitted with a flat-screen cable tv, a fully-equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave and an oven, dining area and air conditioning.
apartments szczecin tkacka offers accommodation in the old town, 700 metres from waly chrobrego promenade. the apartment is a short walk from all the main landmarks of the city, such as the ducal castle and the impressive szczecin philharmonic.
the hotel has its own professional ranch for horse back riding, excellent hiking trails as well as a tour desk for active excursions on a 4-wheel-drive vehicle in the surrounding area.
guests can also enjoy access to tennis courts, table tennis and barbecue facilities.
many other restaurants are within a 10-minute walk.
you can engage in various activities, such as fishing and hiking.
a hearty breakfast is available in the waldfrieden’s breakfast room.
all units feature a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave, a toaster and fridge are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
with free wifi, the rooms are elegantly furnished with a minibar and a flat-screen tv with sky channels.
split airport is located 7 km from the property.
rockingham dragway is 16 minutes' drive away.
guests can lounge by the large outdoor pool or enjoy relaxing massages at the hotel’s spa.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, inmálaga constitución is set in málaga. calle larios is 80 metres from the property.
the apartment comprises a kitchen with a microwave and a fridge, a bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer, a bedroom and a living room area.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio.
guests can enjoy a communal kitchen too.
in the morning, a continental breakfast is served. it includes tea/coffee, bread, orange juice, cheese and yoghurts.
oostappen vakantiepark droomgaard is located in kaatsheuvel, only 5 km away from motorway a59.
blick zum wasserfall is located in sankt leonhard im pitztal, 10 km from sunna alm.
each room here will provide you with a tv.
they are decorated with modern furnishings and have an en suite bathroom with free toiletries.
hotel stara stajnia is located at the poznań-kalisz route.
gelendzhik is 9 km from apartment on gornaya 5, while novorossiysk is 39 km away.
. the property offers free parking.
guests can also enjoy free tea and coffee in the reception and restaurants are located within walking distance.
there is also a dining table.
the breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
the healthy ukrainian and european specialities served in the maison blanche organic café are prepared using local and organic products.
each room comes with an lcd tv, a fridge and an electric kettle with green tea. guests can try on yukata robes, while enjoying in-room amenities like bottled water, instant soup, coffee and mini sweets. special toiletries are provided for both male and female guests.
wake up to a delicious, homemade, freshly cooked breakfast with a huge choice from the menu.
guests can arrange sightseeing trips and book tickets for shows at the helpful on-site tour desk.
pater noster lighthouse serves a daily breakfast buffet.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool, barbecue and children's playground, guest house elena is situated in sukko in the krasnodar krai region, 13 km from anapa.
the elegant history hotel is located right by istanbul’s city hall and 300 metres from saraçhane park.
hotel gjirokastër is located 300 metres from the centre, in a part of town famous for numerous museums.
it offers a spa with indoor pool, a kids’ club, and regional cuisine.
facilities include luggage storage, self-service laundry and a tour desk.
the supermarkets around offers delivery service and wanda plaza gives various choice of dining.
bodrum city centre is 23 km from the property. milas-bodrum airport is 60 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
city and garden views can be seen from the rooms which are air-conditioned and feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and a dvd-player.
apartmento plaza catalunya has a spacious master bedroom with a double bed, built-in wardrobes and an en suite bathroom.
bed linen is featured.
rooms have contemporary décor, and for guests’ convenience, they are equipped with a minibar and microwave.
other facilities at saving grace 113842-23668 include a barbecue.
laundry and room service are available at shunde dongcheng hotel.
from here you can easily visit this southern area of andalusia, including nearby huelva and the beautiful city of seville a little further afield.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
hotel monika is in the unesco natural heritage site of the tre cime-dolomiti di sesto natural park.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
free public parking is available on site.
colon metro station is 800 metres from the property.
similarly, a climbing hall is also only 4 minutes away, while cross-country skiing trails pass right behind the house.
guests can enjoy traditional dishes at golden dragon chinese restaurant and navratna indian restaurant.
free wifi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site.
the bathroom has a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
boasting a private beach area, guests can enjoy water sports activities such as snorkelling and canoeing on site.
deck chairs are available.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and slippers.
guests can attend free zumba, latin and salsa dancing lessons organized twice per week.
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room.
located 1.6 km from burgas opera house in burgas city, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace.
palace square is 2.6 km from apartments pushkinskiy, while hermitage museum is 2.7 km from the property.
a rich buffet breakfast with organic options and fresh fairtrade coffee is served every morning.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player is available.
this is included in the room price.
a restaurant is 1 km away and guests can reach the closest supermarket within 5 minutes by car.
cola beach is 10 km from patnem garden cottages, while netravali wildlife sanctuary is 22 km away.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the property is 100 metres from cavour metro station and less than 10 minutes’ walk from termini central station.
locate in a historic building, rooms here are all fitted with air conditioning, a minibar, cable channels and a private bathroom with a shower.
a complimentary shuttle service is available in the winter.
the hotel also provides room service and a 24-hour front desk.
there is a separate washing and drying room in the basement of the apartment building.
garden koala house is 2 km from zhabei park and 3 km from shanghai railway station. it is 4 km from the bund and 5 km from the famous people’s square.
the dynjandi waterfall is 50 km away.
a continental breakfast with croissants, cakes, yogurts, regional jams and home-made bread can be enjoyed at the shaded areas by the garden.
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast in the mornings and it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of beverages.
miramare is located 10 km from chania town and 20 km from chania airport, while souda port is at 20 km.
all spa and wellness facilities are available at a surcharge.
puri prima is 30 minutes’ drive from candidasa and is 2.5 hours’ drive from ngurah rai international airport.
posada haema is located in san andrés, just a 5-minute drive from the beach.
the nearest airport is nice côte d'azur airport, 15 km from roustan 1.
all rooms come with private bathrooms and free internet access.
isla del sol - vista verde east 3-215 features free wifi throughout the property.
situated 50 metres from the sandy beach of psili ammos in tolo, family-run hotel elenas features rooms with free wi-fi and a furnished balcony overlooking the argolic gulf.
the fitness area features exercise equipment by technogym.
this cosy property has been completely refurbished.
after admiring its historic buildings, eat out at one of the pizzerias here, where you can enjoy lovely views over the countryside.
kayseri archaeology museum is 1.5 km from grand eras.
the veletržní palác tram stop is located 130 metres away and the nádraží holešovice metro station is 1.2 km off.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave, a toaster and refrigerator.
a range of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing and cycling.
gordon swimming pool is 600 metres from smolenskin, while dizengoff center is 700 metres from the property.
villa maria gorgeous beach villa is in a small coastal town on spain's costa blanca, 1 hours’ drive from alicante.
located on the beach along the mediterranean sea, olympos lodge is surrounded by green gardens.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and fishing.
free private parking is available on site.
a buffet-style breakfast is prepared daily and guests can take advantage of the room service.
some rooms also have a private balcony and private bathroom.
located at just 2 km from dlf city ii and 7 km away from the chhatarpur temple , interglobe – comfort inn operates a 24-hour front desk and offers free wi-fi throughout the property.
st. joseph cathedral and old city gate are within 800 metres away.
the tour desk can arrange tickets for camp nou football stadium.
offering a restaurant, ravana ridge polhena guest house is located in matara.
its spacious marble bathroom is fitted with a rain shower, a terrazzo bath tub and a hairdryer.
the louisville slugger museum and factory is 44 minutes’ drive away.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
riga airport is 10,4 km away.
they are also equipped with an lcd tv, electric kettle and private bathroom with bath and shower.
rooms at hotel ristorante la scogliera have simple furnishings and cool tiled floors.
paraty’s bus station is 1 km away.
guembé duplex will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
a scenic seaside walking trails is right next to the property.
the kitchen includes a dishwasher and oven.
free wifi is available.
free use of bicycles and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
tianfu square is 1 km away.
free wi-fi is available in public areas of the b&b and free parking is also available.
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to your apartment every morning and a buffet breakfast with homemade products is available as well.
close to vineyards and surrounded by a beautiful landscape, and 6 km away from the town of baden, hotel turmhof offers offers a sauna, an infrared cabin and a relaxation area with a spacious roof terrace.
all have access to shared bathroom and kitchen facilities, as well as a tv lounge.
located right on the banks of the danube, this 4-star hotel offers spa area, a fitness centre, and a range of sports facilities. free wi-fi is available. the centre of šamorín is 1 km away, and it is 26 km to bratislava.
the cowboys stadium, home to the dallas cowboys football team, is 20 miles away.
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport, 13 km from apartment in old tbilisi.
laundry and room service are available.
spb rent service is a self-catering accommodation located in the centre of saint petersburg, a 3-minute walk from the lively nevsky prospekt.
buses go from near the apartment to osnabrück city centre every 10 minutes.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
all rooms on first floor have only one double bed.
a restaurant serving austrian cuisine and a bar are further features of the hotel.
at villa comfort you will find a garden with a gazebo and barbecue facilities.
with the m7 motorway just 25 minutes’ drive from the riverbank cottages, dublin can be reached after just over 2 hours’ drive.
beauty services can be provided at extra charge.
porto cardosas story apartments is a 20-minute drive from porto international airport.
the property offers guests a furnished terrace and daily breakfasts.
rooms here provide guests with an electric kettle, a refrigerator, a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, and a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
other facilities like grocery deliveries, a shared lounge, 24-hour front desk and laundry service are offered.
centaure v ste croix is a self-catering accommodation located in sainte-croix, is about 29 mq and is on the ground floor.
as well as an elegant seating and dining area, there is a homely fireplace in the living area.
free parking is also available.
sunny view north apartments is situated just a 10-minute walk from the beach.
located on a historical street in odorheiu secuiesc, europa hotel is situated in a classical building with comfortable rooms and a homely restaurant serving traditional hungarian and transylvanian meals.
it offers rooms with a private balcony and a kitchenette.
located on the n21 highway, between castillonnès and villeneuve-sur-lot, les voyageurs offers free wifi throughout, free parking, a restaurant serving traditional cuisine made with fresh local products.
the nearest grocery store is 400 metres.
airport shuttle is available at a surcharge.
the balconies offer views of the city's rooftops.
each room has a flat-screen tv, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer and bathrobes.
free private parking is possible on site.
free private parking is possible.
rainbow guest house has a garden and covered barbecue area.
king airport is 4.4 km away.
the hotel offers a breakfast buffet, served every day in the dining room.
a 24-hour reception provides luggage storage and room service.
flat maria monteiro is a self-catering accommodation located in tiradentes with free wifi and free parking. the property is 1.3 km from tiradentes bus station and 1 km from aymores field.
the accommodation is fitted with a kitchen where guests can use a microwave, an oven and a refrigerator.
there is a wide selection of local seafood, which can be enjoyed amongst views of galway bay and the hills of clare.
seafront promenade is 500 metres from city hotel, while batumi archeological museum is 1 km away.
the living room is furnished with sofas and a flat-screen cable tv.
free wi-fi is provided in-room.
rooms are air-conditioned and fitted with bunk beds.
golf club conero sirolois 3 km away.
catania fontanarossa airport is 46 km from the property.
every morning, breakfast is served buffet style.
yaremche is 33 km from oaza, while vorokhta is 24 km from the property.
this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck.
it offers a 24-hour reception desk.
the comforsuite is well communicated with local services such as restaurants, bars and public transport.
modernly decorated, the apartment consists of a seating, dining and fully equipped kitchen area for the preparation of meals.
villa pino is located in fátaga, 7 km from san bartolomé de tirajana and a 40-minute drive from gran canaria airport.
piazza del popolo and the historic centre are a 10-minute walk away.
a front desk is at your service for 24 hours.
gaoqi airport is 13 km from the hotel.
areti apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in loutses.
a traditional restaurant can be found 300 metres from the property.
guests have access to free wifi in all areas and free public parking is available on site.
alternative breakfast options include grilled mackerel, omelette, and kippers.
there is free public parking nearby.
they can also make use of the gym, and relax afterwards with a shiatsu massage.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
split airport is 21 km away.
set 200 metres from termini train station, best location in rome offers classic-style accommodation with air conditioning. free wifi is available throughout.
the house comprises a double bedroom and a living room with double sofa bed. the independent kitchenette is equipped with a fridge, oven and kitchenware.
at guest house jani meals can be prepared upon request in advance and at a surcharge.
guests can relax by the pool or on the patio. they can also enjoy an outdoor bbq meal.
a private garage is available on site.
at hostal casa latina you will find a 24-hour front desk and terrace.
the syracuse hancock international airport is 8 miles from knights inn east syracuse.
the hotel has a restaurant, serving regional cuisine.
a variety of activities can be enjoyed including the fitness centre and minigolf.
free wi-fi access is available throughout.
this is served in the breakfast room in front of the cosy fireplace.
on request, a grocery delivery service is available.
it offers free wifi throughout and serves a sweet breakfast daily, with savoury options on request.
it offers elegant accommodation with a tv set and a kitchenette.
the reception staff provide competent assistance around the clock.
millaray l is located one block from the bus station and 5 km from bahia inglesa.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
etno garden exclusive rooms is located in plitvica selo, about 400 metres from the entrance 3 to the unesco-protected plitvice lakes national park.
featuring an outdoor pool, casa tartaruga is located in trendy búzios.
hotel serenella is set in the zortea neighbourhood of canal san bovo, 25 km from the brocon pass ski area.
there is also a dartboard.
additionally daily maid service is provided and guests can request laundry services for an extra fee.
just 350 metres from the sandy beach, villa luka is located in the village of pržno, 7 km from the old town of budva.
the property features a spacious garden and antique furniture.
located right on the beach, aegli rooms are spacious and they all have a private balcony.
the functional rooms here will provide you with cable tv and air conditioning.
the largest house includes billiards.
guests can relax on the garden or take a walk along the lakeshore.
the victoria inn’s rooms are ideal for those looking to explore london on a low budget.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
relax in our small spa area with its sauna, steam bath, hot tub and fitness room, all of which you can use free of charge.
some apartments have a hairdryer, a washing machine and air conditioning, while all include cleaning products, bed linen and ironing facilities.the building has a lift.
they also have a fridge, and a bathroom with a shower.
son sant joan airport is a 30 minutes' drive.
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
la betulla offers air-conditioned rooms, a 5-minute walk from both the seaside and the centre of lignano pineta. the hotel is set in quiet gardens, and offers free private parking on site.
just 500 metres from tianyi square, city 118 qingdao chengyang (zhengyang road) hotel offers a variety of rooms and suites with free wired internet. featuring a restaurant, it has a 24-hour front desk and free private parking.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a vending machine with cold beverages.
it is also just a 10-minute walk from place bellecour and confluence.
by anna privatzimmer provides free wifi.
they also have a kitchenette with cooking hobs and a fridge, and a bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
rooms are fitted with a cable tv and refrigerator.
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite-tv, dvd-player, a cd-player and air conditioning.
there are many cafés, restaurants and a large variety of shops in the botanic shopping mall.
a 40-minute drive to lalique museum, it is 26 km from strasbourg city centre, and 33 km from strasbourg entzheim airport.
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven.
featuring an on-site restaurant, e-outfitting resort chiang mai is 10 minutes' drive from saturday walking street shopping precinct.
pension małopolanka has a range of rooms, studios and apartments to suit your personal needs. all accommodation types benefit from modern, private bathrooms, free wi-fi, television and radio.
dating back to the 17th century, this renovated guest house also features a chapel and is located in monção.
augas santas spa and golf club is just 2.5 km from the casa de maside.
guests can relax on the large common terrace, furnished with tables, chairs and wicker sofas.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
the bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the rooms are fully air conditioned and well equipped with a satellite tv, ironing facilities and a safety deposit box.
each includes a tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
located in pushkin, this apartment features a balcony. providing free private parking, the apartment is 1.9 km from tsarskoye selo.
it offers spacious rooms with shared bathrooms, and is less than 10 minutes' walk from colón metro station.
all rooms include a cable tv and work desk, and are decorated in rich colors.
some rooms have a private bathroom, while others have shared bathroom facilities.
guestrooms are equipped with cable tv and free wi-fi at the motel 6 wichita falls. rooms also feature bright bedding and large windows.
each comes with an lcd tv, minibar and a seating area.
urban view offers pet-friendly accommodation in saint petersburg.
bathroom facilities are shared.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
makarska is 31 km from apartment beritić, while hvar is 19 km away.
each air-conditioned room includes a tv with international channels.
the hotel also has a bar serving drinks and cocktails by the pool.
the en suite bathroom has a bath tub and free toiletries.
located in karlovy vary, lira apartments offers self-catering accommodation, 600 metres from the mill colonnade thermal bath.
open from november 2015, centurion hotel residential cabin tower is situated in the heart of tokyo, a 3-minute walk from akasaka station on the chiyoda line.
for guests’ comfort, it boasts a 24-hour front desk and free wi-fi.
offering an outdoor pool and a fitness centre, guest house albatros is located in dagomys. free wifi access is available.
this popular resort has a good seafront promenade.
a range of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, cycling and hiking.
all bathrooms come with floor heating, as well as a bath or shower, and some rooms provide access to wheelchair users.
within 5 minutes on foot, the viennese city park can be reached.
a hairdryer and ironing facilities are available upon request.
the residence is just across the road from the beach and a 5-minute drive from federico fellini airport.
for leisure, spend a lazy afternoon on the sun loungers situated by the outdoor pool.
an amusement park is 15 km from hotel national.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
it is 100 km from aluva railway station and 130 km from cochin international airport.
aromatherapy bathroom amenities, bathrobes and slippers are provided.
xuan huong lake is 2.4 km from himalaya phoenix dalat hotel, while dalat flower gardens is 3.1 km from the property.
its wooden interior and open fireplace create a charming setting.
the property offers free parking.
car and bicycle hire is also available and palma airport is 80 km away.
vending machines for drinks and snacks can also be found in the lobby.
you will find a kettle in the room. all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
casa rural poblado jirdana has a double bedroom and a lounge-diner with sofas and dining table.
avebury stone circle is a 10-minute walk away.
a fitness room with a hot tub is available.
a free transfer service from boise air terminal is offered to guests.
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
featuring a garden with bbq facilities and children’s playground, santa croce offers rooms in a peaceful location a 10-minute drive from fossato di vico.
boat trips across lake garda leave from the dock, which is 5 minutes' drive away.
tombs of the kings is 1.6 km from vangelos apartments, while kings avenue mall is 1.9 km away.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning, which can also be enjoyed continental style in your accommodation.
room service is available upon request.
featuring a private beach just steps away, apartments paradiso is a seafront property in dobrota offering air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi, lcd satellite tv and splendid views of boka kotorska bay.
basic cooking facilities including a microwave are provided.
each room has a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower.
it is just off the ap-8 motorway.
guests can play a game of billiards, or catch live sports action at the two-storey restaurant and bar.
the property is a 10-minute drive from jr hodaka station and chihiro art museum.
set directly on a private beach, guest house adriatic pearl offers a sun terrace, barbecue facilities and free wi-fi.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
this peaceful area contains a pleasant mixture of fjords, small lakes, woodland and beaches, and serves as a good base for many activities.
the nearest metro station is sevilla, only 190 metres away.
it has large gardens with swimming pool overlooking the chianti valley.
the mercure gold hotel al mina road dubai features a rooftop swimming pool with panoramic views of the city.
the resort has an outdoor pool and boasts views of the sea. guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or outside, by the swimming pool.
this self-catering accommodation features wifi in public areas.
the apartment has a double bedroom, a twin bedroom and a lounge with a sofa and tv.
on-site private parking is for free.
divided in 2 floors, each apartment consists of a fully equipped kitchen with dining area, and 2 separate bedrooms with iron beds.
it features a restaurant, free wi-fi and free parking.
a common living room with fireplace and tv is provided for relaxation. guests can have bbqs in the garden for al fresco meals.
the private bathroom is fitted with a bathtub.
light hostel features free wifi throughout the property.
regis bangkok is about 1 km from siam paragon and central world plaza. it is 2 km from jim thompson's museum and a 35-minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave and a toaster.
beverages, snacks and doughnuts are available throughout the day.
guests enjoy access to the complex’s pool with hot tub.
this guest house is set on a cliff at the far end of punta delgada, next to the lighthouse, offering amazing ocean views.
a cable tv is provided in each air-conditioned guest room at this hotel.
downtown toronto is 35 km from the hotel.
a 3-minute walk to ben thanh market, nhat ha2 offers budget accommodation with free wi-fi and free parking.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a tv with cable channels.
featuring an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and sun loungers, macedonia sky is just 250 metres from chanioti beach.
pension wiesenau offers a grocery delivery service and a tour desk with ticket service.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and bathrobes.
it offers a restaurant, an outdoor pool and free wi-fi in public areas.
bukovel ski resort is 25 km from pid lelekoyu, and the distance to lviv is 200 km.
the rising sun is ideal for the historic spa town of cheltenham, as well as winchcombe and many pretty cotswold villages.
other services include a currency exchange, ticketing and car rentals.
amber court whakatane is just 5 minutes’ walk from many shops and restaurants.
gelendzhik is 33 km from baza otdykha shirokaya.
extras include a washing machine and a fan.
a boat hire is available at surcharge.
the bright hotel rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
it takes a 20-minute boat ride from the property to waiseo, the capital of raja ampat, and getting to dominique edward osok airport in sorong will take around a 2-hour ferry ride to sorong harbour and followed by a 15-minute drive to the airport.
a range of massages and cosmetic treatments is also available here.
winter gardens conference centre is 600 metres from holm lea halal hotel & minicinema, while coral island is 600 metres away.
you can enjoy city view and river view from all the rooms.
dos palmas island resort and spa is a private resort situated on the arreceffi islands in honda bay, northeast of puerto princesa.
an array of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, snorkeling and diving.
some units include a terrace and/or balcony with garden or city views.
adler central train station is 3 km from ivettis guest house, and sochi international airport is 6 km away.
the rooms at hotel risa come with a balcony and free wi-fi.
spacious private parking is available.
this b&b is on the shore of lake mälaren, 10 km from strängnäs and about 1 hour's drive from stockholm city centre.
the property offers free wifi access, barbecue facilities and a continental breakfast for a surcharge.
there is an on-site hairdressing salon, and the 24-hour reception can arrange massages and physiotherapy.
rooms offer balcony and air conditioning.
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport, 24 km from agriturismo tre acque.
freedom square is 5 km from natali's place, while heroes square is 2 km away.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and fishing.
each one comes with a dining table and a private bathroom.
situated on bondalem beachfront, bondalem beach club accommodates an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by sunbeds and spacious bungalows with free wi-fi.
all rooms have a flat-screen satellite tv and a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer, as well as a bathrobe and slippers.
this apartment offers views of roses beach and there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
located in sarajevo's kovaci area, hotel ada provides free private parking.
located in petrčane, apartment mara offers a heated outdoor pool.
the property offers free parking.
it has a 24-hour café and provides ayurveda massages on request.
tbilisi international airport is 12 km from the property.
guests enjoy a 10% discount at ristorante la posada, 200 metres away.
all apartments offer sea views from their furnished balcony or terrace.
dining options include room service that serves multi-cuisine.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, b&b san vito offers accommodation in trento.
the de gustibus restaurant features large windows and vaulted ceilings.
some rooms come with views overlooking the vineyard.
with plenty of green areas, pousada chácara das roseiras is 10 km from bagé centre.
el arenal beach is only 4 km away and portixol beach is 7 km away.
free wi-fi access is available in the hotel’s public areas.
akademicheskaya and politekhnicheskaya metro stations are a 5-minute walk away.
the sorochany ski resort is a 5-minute walk away, where guests can go tubing down the private snow slope.
located in bratislava’s old town, the property is close to many of the city’s main tourist attractions. bratislava castle, grassalkovich palace, trinity church, st. martin's cathedral and obchodná ulica shopping street can all be reached on foot in 10 minutes or less.
guests can visit iguaçu waterfalls, 12 km away.
the rustic baker creek bistro serves regional cuisine including bison shortribs.
set on rincón de guayabitos beach, this colonial-style complex offers a large outdoor pool, sun terraces and tropical gardens.
le crescent hotel ghaziabad is located 2 km from noida expo centre and houses a fitness centre, a restaurant and provides free private parking on site.
well positioned to visit some of sardinia's most beautiful beaches, apartment myrsine porto istana is a 20-minute drive from coda cavallo and puntaldia. olbia is a 20-minute bus ride away.
joseph creek canyon is located on site.
rooms at hotel casa rosa are modern decorated with great detail to colonial architecture.
it features a lovely pool with sun terrace and a snack bar.
natural park also has a 24-hour reception desk, so you can come and go as you please.
every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower. extras include slippers and free toiletries.
guests will enjoy a provençal welcome package upon arrival.
sheets are included in the rate and you can rent towels at reception.
it is 1.5 km to ergo arena and 10 km to gdańsk city centre with its numerous attractions.
you can visit some of galicia’s charming fishing towns such as sanxenxo, combarro or marín, which are less than 30 minutes’ drive away.
local restaurants are available within a 5-minute walk, most serving the region’s traditional fish and seafood dishes.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
the super 8 st. george is within a 15-minute drive to johnson farm dinosaur tracks.
the hotel also offers a free shuttle service.
private bathrooms come with a shower.
offering their own a la carte restaurant, marfru cafe is located in pattaya south and is a 10-minute walk from pattaya walking street.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, ticketing service and a tour desk.
each guest room includes free wi-fi.
the bathroom has a shower, hairdryer and washing machine.
each of the guest rooms includes satellite tv and air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay at lale pension.
rama al madina hotel features twin and triple rooms with a simple décor.
some have a terrace.
there is a clubhouse on site, which has a large swimming pool, tennis court and bbq facilities.
beautifully refurbished, where unique modern styling meets victorian elegance, park lane is an ideal choice for both leisure and business travellers alike.
sopockie apartamenty - nautilius apartment offers self-catered accommodation with free wifi in sopot, within 400 metres from the sopot railway station and 900 metres from the baltic sea and the sopot pier.
located 1 km outside rubielos de mora, these fully-equipped apartments are heated and feature a rustic décor.
guests can work at the large desk and browse the internet with free wi-fi.
the turia gardens, set in the the river turia’s old course, are less than 300 metres from the apartments.
free parking is available.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment nina.
varde station is a 5-minute walk away.
parking is available in an enclosed courtyard and a buffet breakfast is served daily.
all units are air conditioned and feature a satellite flat-screen tv.
free parking is offered.
located 8 miles from rick husband amarillo airport, this hotel offers guests a refreshing outdoor swimming pool and rooms with free wi-fi.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, the accommodation also has free wifi and a fitness centre.
the beautiful moselle countryside has many cycling and hiking tracks.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a bath or a shower.
the rooms of hotel garden asmin include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and a minibar.
lyon-saint exupéry airport is 37 km away.
all rooms at xenophon hotel come with simple wooden furnishings.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, free toiletries and towels.
the hotel has a children's playground and spa centre, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
free coffee and tea are offered.
at villa onar you can find a garden and bbq facilities.
this rodeway inn portland hotel is completely non-smoking.
they come with satellite tv, and internet access is available at a surcharge.
each room includes a flat-screen tv, a fridge, and tea and coffee making facilities. the bathrooms have complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer.
you can also relax with a cocktail in the bar before sampling the restaurant’s regional cuisine made with local ingredients.
each one offers a flat-screen tv, a minibar and an electric kettle.
this san marcos hotel is within 10 minutes’ drive of texas state university.
guarulhos international airport is a 3-hour drive away.
the continental breakfast is served from 07:00 – 11:00 daily.
guests are welcome to use a beach wicker chair in summer.
it features a garden with a seasonal outdoor pool with sun loungers and furnished outdoor relaxation areas.
hong kong international airport is 24 km from the property.
pousada solar dos nobres offers practical town accommodation conveniently located in the centre of arunta.
wi-fi is available at a surcharge.
the hotel’s tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions.
free private parking is possible on site.
they offer either sea or garden views.
it is a 5-minute walk from ben thanh market and a 10-minute walk from the opera house.
b&b cuenca is set on the banks of the river júcar, 5 minutes’ drive from cuenca’s old town and famous hanging houses.
free wifi is provided in all areas, while free parking is in front of the property.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
the property is also 42 minutes’ drive from dollywood theme park in pigeon forge.
guests in need can take advantage of free parking service.
wine and olive oil are produced on site.
free parking is provided at posada amor.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
a tv with cable channels is available.
this hotel is set in a pine forest by the river, in the village of chyornaya gryaz.
ski hire and car rental services are available at an additional fee.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a microwave.
just 1.5 km from campo grande centre and municipal market, brumado features an outdoor pool with sunloungers and well-equipped gym.
the property offers free parking.
parking is free.
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
all rooms are air conditioned and equipped with a plasma tv with satellite channels, a minibar, and an en suite bathroom.
the bathroom has a bath and a hairdryer.
aegeopelagitika beach is 2 km away and thessaloniki airport is located 90 km from the accommodation.
tossa de mar beach, along with its shops and bars, is about 350 metres away.
it features a spa and wellness centre with hot tub and hammam.
plant city city centre is 2.8 km from holiday inn express and suites plant city.
ski storage is available on site, and there is an indoor and outdoor swimming pool, gym and spa area within a 3-minute walk from the sonnenheim.
breakfast is served every morning and the property has a library where guests can read books or play board games.
slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
sangla public hospital is 3.7 km from alamanda town house, while kasih ibu hospital denpasar is 3.7 km away.
there is a common library at del vivaio, with italian and english books, and multi-language dvds.
the bright rooms of hotel drako are decorated with colourful bed linens.
a business centre and vending machines are also available.
a cable tv with a dvd player, a kitchen with a dining area and a washing machine and tumble dryer are featured in all apartments at innsbrook village ruidoso.
you will find a kettle in the room.
in the mornings, guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast prepared with fresh, local ingredients.
santa margherita ligure train station is 800 metres from un mondo per te apartments.
the colourful rooms at the ocaktan have modern amenities.
domodedovo airport is a 50-minute drive away.
there is also a sushi bar in the lobby and a garden terrace.
all units feature a seating and dining area.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
from here, you can reach the city centre and central train station in just 600 metres.
hotel la pace’s restaurant serves hot and cold buffet lunches, and dinners with set menus.
some units also offer a balcony.
here guests will find an array of commerce and gastronomical options to enjoy.
it is a 12-minute drive from byron bay.
a flat-screen tv is a further amenity.
the unit equipped with a kitchenette with an oven and fridge.
towels are available.
extras include an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
the property offers free parking.
this beachfront villa offers a terrace and barbecue facilities.
kemerovo airport is 10 km from the hotel, and a shuttle service is available.
the hotel’s sauna is free for guests on tuesdays and thursdays.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, pure hotel & restaurant is located in torremolinos. set in la carihuela beach, the beachfront apartments offer a private balcony sea views and outdoor furniture.
front desk offers shuttle service at a surcharge and upon request.
the mercure trouville sur mer is located in trouville-sur-mer, just 100 metres from sandy beaches and 120 metres from trouville’s casino.
a continental breakfast with fruits, eggs, hot drinks, bread, butter, jams, and natural juices is served daily.
an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer is also available.
bonifacio is 16 km from villa bianca, while la maddalena is 18 km away.
additional facilities include a flat-screen tv and an i-pod docking station.
typical czech specialities and international cuisine is served in the restaurant of hotel bobík.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are provided.
this holiday inn lies in the obersendling district of munich, just 8 km from the city centre.
guests can find a wide range of local food around.
shuttle services are available on request and a ski bus stops 270 metres away.
anjana, the in-house restaurant, serves indian, chinese and continental delights.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the light and airy apartamento residencial wtc méxico is fitted with stylish, modern furniture.
the property includes free wifi access in common areas and a continental breakfast.
the restaurant serves local specialities including homemade foie gras.
liangjiang international airport is about 2.5 hours' drive away.
krupówki, a city promenade is only 50 metres away.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
surrounded by greenery 40 metres from a beach and 1.5 km from the centre of betina, nautica apartments mobile homes offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi in public areas and free private parking.
laundry facilities and a full kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator are standard in all apartments.
set at the foot of mount schlern, st konstantin is just outside the town of fiè and 3 km from the alpe di siusi ski slopes.
holiday home lyngtoften grevinge iv is located in grevinge.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen.
the scenic town of rethymno is at 40 km. frangokastello is at 13 km.
barlborough town centre is just 1km away.
arnoma hotel bangkok is 23 km from suvarnabhumi international airport. it is a block away from the erawan shrine.
local and international dishes are served at mermaid coffee shop, open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
merano is reached by a bus stopping a 2-minute walk from the property.
it features a private beach, a sauna and a fan zone with large screens.
there is an desk.the rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
complimentary continental breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
guests can prepare homemade food in the well-appointed kitchenette and appreciate the dishes in a small dining area available in the balcony.
guests can use a shared kitchen and relax in a games room with a tv. a washing machine and dryer can be used at an additional cost.
rooms at las colonias are spacious and comfortable.
la rioja airport is 10 km away.
at hakone bamboo choju-yu, guests can rest at the shared terrace and lounge areas.
situated in icmeler, this family-run hotel is only a short walk from icmeler bay and the beach.
each of the rooms and suites at imperial botanical beach hotel is air-conditioned and equipped with a work desk, safe, minibar and a telephone.
each room here will provide you with a terrace, a seating area and a personal safe.
the spacious grounds at der kontinenten offer a peaceful setting for walking and jogging.
fethiye city centre is 40 km from this pet friendly property.
the apartment is 1.8 km from louvre museum.
water activities in the surrounding area that guests can enjoy include windsurfing and jet skiing.
the swimming pool of the best western obermühle has large panoramic windows with mountain view.
cacao beach is 3.2 km from d&c yassen holiday village apartment, while kuban is 900 metres away.
this 3-bedroom 2-bath apartment is located 3.1 km from san francisco’s union square.
the non-smoking property houses a shop and accommodation with free internet access.
a cable tv is in every room and some also include a private balcony.
it offers a continental breakfast buffet each morning and free wifi.
dalian zhoushuizi airport and dalian economic zone are within a 25-minute drive from the hotel. within 15 minutes' drive, guests may access zhongshan square and xinghai square.
free wi-fi is offered and the apartments offer great views over madrid.
the studios additionally feature a kitchenette.
the hotel alpenhof is ideal for sports activities in the chiemgau alps.
some of madrid’s best restaurants are in the salamanca area, which is busy by day but quiet at night.
most rooms benefit from an en suite bathroom, while others have an external private bathroom for guests’ use only.
guests can arrange activities such as swimming with dolphins 25 minutes’ drive away and snorkelling, scuba diving and sport fishing.
penkenbahn is 1.1 km from haus georg (280), while eberwald is 2.1 km from the property.
the best western hotel braunschweig offers rooms featuring cable tv.
wi-fi internet access is free throughout the hotel.
domodedovo international airport is 7 km from nabat palace domodedovo.
the private bathrooms comes with a bathtub or a shower and hairdryer.
accommodation will provide you with a balcony.
neos marmaras town is approximately 45 km away.
restaurant kurshi terrace is located in the courtyard of the hotel and serves international dishes with local seasonal produce.
the breakfast buffet is served until 11:00 on weekends.
pavlovskiy bus station is 10 km away.
all rooms are elegantly decorated with dark-wood furniture and marble bathrooms.
vending machines for drinks are available at the property.
facilities include a tennis court, horses, restaurant and sauna.
rooms feature an lcd tv and a balcony with a full or partial view of the lake.
baanphuthadol is a convenient 10-minute drive from the lively walking street and maehongson airport.
attached bathroom comes with shower facilities and free toiletries.
it provides a cable tv and safety deposit boxes.
all enjoy private balconies and some lead directly onto the bolero's gardens.
all apartments have a private sauna.
lincoln park zoo, navy pier and millennium park are all less than 2 miles away from the property.
igalo bay apartments can help arrange excursions to ostrog monastery and the mausoleum on lovćen hill.
free wifi is available throughout the hotel.
edgewood golf course is 2 km from grand residences by marriott - lake tahoe and the tahoe amusement park is 6 km away.
it also has a new sports complex (swimming pools, fitness) located at 500 meters. epinay-sur-seine rer c train station is 500 metres away and provides direct access to paris.
all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge.
a public outdoor pool is 200 metres away. the enns valley cycling trail can be found 200 metres from the property.
some rooms also have a private balcony.
you can cook out in the garden while your children play a game of table tennis.
guests can relax on furnished balconies and patios overlooking the sea or the garden.
the deák ferenc square, transportation hub of 3 metro lines can be reached within a 5-minute walk from the gorgeous flat opera.
guests can enjoy city view.
the restaurant of hotel mina 1 serves an open buffet breakfast.
it is approximately 1.5 km from bongeunsa temple.
restaurants, grocers and bar can be found right next to the building.
the nearest beach is lavadores, 4 km away.
la rosa dei venti is 10 minutes’ walk from monterosso train station.
litomyšl is 14 km away.
leone x guest house is just 200 metres from the fortezza da basso conference centre in florence.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
bike hire is available at this hotel and the area is popular for cycling.
spanish bay resort golf course is a 5-minute drive from the pacific grove bide-a-wee inn. pacific grove marine gardens park is 10 minutes away by foot.
free covered parking is possible on site.
the bathroom is private and has a shower.
casa relax fam. d'amata is 14 km from colosseum and circus maximus.
dorms & doubles is located in praia da consolação, 6.5 km from the city center of peniche and 500 meters from the nearest beach.
the property offers free parking.
the kitchenette is fully equipped, while the bathroom comes fitted with a shower and includes free toiletries.
this air-conditioned accommodation features cable tv, a dining area with a table, a well-equipped kitchen and a balcony with outdoor furniture and garden view.
located in lisbon, casa de alfama offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. the property is 1 km from rossio and from chiado.
guests can relax in the communal lounge.
the on site restaurant serves a selection of chinese dishes.
the coastal town of belmullet is 15 km from the property.
breakfast at la demeure de saint fiacre can be enjoyed in the dining area or on the wooden terrace.
breakfast is served at dmz's restaurant, which serves vietnamese and western dishes.
the nearest airport is erfurt-weimar airport, 34 km from haus sonnenruh.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
new century melaka hotel is located a 18-minute drive from menara taming sari and a 90-minute from kuala lumpur convention centre.
free wifi is offered .
a 24-hour front desk can assist guests with bicycle rentals, laundry and dry cleaning services.
situated in agadir, 21 km from supermark (agadir), tamraght surf hostel features a barbecue and sun terrace.
palace of culture & science is 1.3 km from warsaw spire luxurious penthouse, while parade square is 1.4 km from the property.
edinburgh airport is 48 km away.
an independent villa with large swimming pool, a garden and furnished verandah, villa verde is only 100 metres from the beach and 5 minutes’ drive from torre delle stelle in sardinia.
hiking and mountain bike trails start right outside.
a limited number of parking spaces are available at a charge.
snowflake chair is 5 km from the westerman by colorado rocky mountain resorts, while quicksilver super6 is 5 km away.
the property has rooms fitted with modern furnishings and beddings.
as well as using the hotel’s fishing pond, you may also choose to go wine tasting and drive the 30 km to colmar.
arzon’s marina is a lively area where you will find many bars, restaurants and shops.
each room comes with a tv, a private bathroom and a fully-equipped kitchenette.
westend s-bahn (city rail) station is just a 4-minute walk from the apartment-westend.
kanapaha botanical gardens are 10 minutes’ drive away. fred bear museum is 5 miles from la quinta inn gainesville.
the accommodations at the peaks are equipped with cable tv and free wi-fi. they are furnished with large picture windows and glass-enclosed showers. an in-room safe and is also provided.
the hotel also provides laundry and dry cleaning services. luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
charles square central prague apartment also includes a fitness centre. guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
alicante airport is 64 km from the property.
daen’s room one is located in utrecht. it is daen’s one and only hotel room which feels more like a b&b with its own entrance and no reception being there.
all apartments provide easy access to cologne’s s-bahn (city rail) network.
the romanian border is only 15 km away.
a restaurant is located 200 metres from the property, and the next supermarket is 1 km away.
adler train station is 3 km from the property, and sochi international airport is 11 km away.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
featuring a public bath with natural hot spring water, the dormy inn offers modern accommodation 100 meters from mikawaanjo station.
families with children can benefit from a 4-lane bowling alley, a playground and a games room.
the schottenring underground station (line u2) is 500 metres away, while the schwedenplatz underground station (lines u1 and u4) is 600 metres away.
the property has a self-service laundry room open 24 hours a day and a gym.
a tv, as well as an ipad and a computer are available.
the adjoining sun-set bar serves a variety of locally-inspired cocktails.
free use of bicycles can be enjoyed at hotel ibudir, along with a communal terrace and garden.
cross country ski trails are 50 metres away and a sled run and sled rental shop can both be reached on foot in 6 minutes.
des artistes is just 5 minutes’ walk from estació del nord bus station and arc de triomf.
guests can enjoy at the on-site restaurant nook international cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries.
the accommodation is situated 1.5 km from alushta bus station and 45 km from simferopol train station.
located in kigali, galaxy hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and free wifi throughout the property.
the accommodation is 5 minutes’ walk from arrieta centre, where seafood restaurants can be found.
it is also possible to use the pension's free bikes to discover the surroundings.
set on a beautiful maldivian island, kuramathi maldives offers luxurious private villas with a spa bath and flat-screen tv. it features an infinity pool, 15 dining options, kids club and a spa.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven. a tv is featured.
sundial lodge condominiums are 10 minutes’ drive to park city, utah city centre. salt lake city international airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
the nearest airport is surat thani airport, 22 km from the property.
offering sea views from the private terrace, apartment vita style is an air-conditioned apartment with free wifi and private parking. it is in kaštel stari, just 100 metres from the sea promenade and a 5-minute walk from the beach.
bad ischl is 18 km from the property.
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
meals and light snacks can be prepared in the property's fully equipped common kitchen.
japanese breakfasts and dinners are served at the hotel’s dining room.
some rooms have a pool view.
each accommodation unit at the boriki complex also comes with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
on-site parking is free.
each apartment is equipped with a cable tv, microwave oven, fridge, rice cooker and dining utensils.
offering views of the kitzsteinhorn, weisssteinalm is located in kaprun at mount maiskogel, directly at the ski slope.
there is also a kitchenette with a microwave and an electric kettle.
foros is 33 km from sevastopol'skaya usad'ba, while simeiz is 46 km from the property.
guests at sheng tu villa can enjoy swimming, relax at the sun terrace, or indulge in pampering massage treatments at the spa.
free private parking is also possible on site and angers is 30 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
the accommodation comes with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
in a quiet location in the gail valley, gästehaus bachmann is 4 km from hermagor and 5 km from the nassfeld ski area, with a free ski bus stopping 150 metres away.
some come with a seating area.
the chef specialises in typical vorarlberg cuisine.
a garden is surrounding landhaus schmitte and a playground is provided for the children’s entertainment. you can use the on-site ski storage room.
other facilities at kovalenko apartments include a sauna and hammam.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher. an oven, a microwave and toaster are also offered, as well as a coffee machine.
spencer museum of art is 1.5 miles from the motel.
partial sea views are available from the balcony.
breakfast includes fresh croissants and excellent cappuccino.
guests can prepare homemade meals at gîte sion.
extra with a desk and a coffee machine.
this converted power station offers guests uniquely themed apartments with free wi-fi, and includes a garden with barbecue .
both the hunderfossen and hafjell ski centres are a 20-minute drive away.
staff at hotel borromeo's reception will be delighted to book trips, tours and transfers for you or simply to provide you with useful information.
located 500 metres from siam park, bungalow las americas offers pet-friendly accommodation in playa de las americas. the property is 1.7 km from piramide de arona convention centre and boasts views of the pool.
a breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room. it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
guests can rent a bicycle to explore the surrounding area.
the private bathrooms have a shower, and hairdryers are available on request.
free private parking is also available at this apartment.
more details can be asked at the reception.
guests can relax at the lounge area by the fireplace, choose a book from the property's wide selection or play a board game.
the property is 400 metres from 360 chicago and 400 metres from water tower chicago.
the modern suites and apartments are self-contained, and each has a modern kitchenette, stylish living room and marble bathroom. tasteful details include carpets, marble floors and paintings.
the classical hardwicke hall manor hotel has free onsite parking.
free wifi is available in all areas.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, cece' dependance is situated in lecco, 46 km from milan and a 10-minute walk from the ferry dock.
direct trams run to heidelberg train station in 5 minutes.
featuring an oven, the full kitchen also comes with a stovetop, microwave and a dining table.
the european district is 1.1 km from the apartment.
many have great views over the arosa estuary, while some rooms have a private terrace.
villa seeblick offers homelike apartments with bright interiors.
the property boasts views of the city is 48 km from taranto.
the bathroom has a bathtub and a shower cabin.
the seating area features cable tv and a work desk.
the amsterdam hotel offers a selection of large, newly decorated rooms to suit all budgets.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant, which offers à la carte options. room service is provided.
the restoration was carried out with full respect for the typical characteristics of the buildings, inserting some new modern features, decorating the complex according to the most refined tuscan customs and finally, adding a pleasantly integrated swimming pool. the staff are happy to offer you a relaxing stay with the freedom and privacy you need.
barbecue and seafood specialities are also available.
hot and cold buffet breakfast is served daily.
the property is 700 m from the san diego convention center. san diego international airport is 3 km from away.
offers modern and comfortable accommodation with free wifi access in its public areas.
a wide variety of dishes is served at the property’s restaurant, and guests can also hire a private chef to cook at their villa.
contemporary dishes and wines can be enjoyed at vizta, the hotel’s restaurant.
other facilities at casa los jardines de lola include a year-round outdoor pool.
guests can enjoy vegetarian dishes and drinks at the guest house ́s bar and restaurant.
nobunaga no yakata museum is a 10-minute drive from the hotel, and hikone shrine and mitsui outlet park are a 30-minute drive away.
rooms at barra do rio negro include cable tv, telephone and minibar.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a seating area.there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and oven.
other facilities include a terrace and garden furniture.
the guests at hotel mac arthur can find cafeteria service with breakfast options.
xi'an xianyang international airport is 45 minutes' drive away.
all are available at an added fee.
there is also a supermarket within 5 minutes ́ drive.
the open-plan kitchen includes a stove, an oven and a refrigerator.
extras include a barbecue, an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
featuring a pool, an on-site tour desk and a daily breakfast, pousada caramanchão is conveniently located in bonito town centre.
there is also an electric kettle.
a footpath leads from the house to jimena’s moorish and roman castle and ruins.
dumaguete is 29 km from lagnason's place, while moalboal is 45 km from the property.
relax in one of the spacious, well-equipped suites at homewood suites by hilton. the fully equipped kitchen features a full-size refrigerator, coffee-maker and microwave oven.
lake city columbia county historical museum is 14 minutes' drive from the property.
rooms include a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
relais della rovere is comprised of a restored villa, a 12th-century convent, and a farmhouse. it features a large park with swimming pool and sunbathing area with views across the town.
on-site parking is free at sporthotel fränkische schweiz.
a supermarket can be found just 10 metres away, and restaurants 50 metres away.
it offers free wi-fi in public areas, a billiard table and a spa with a sauna and a heated, outdoor hot tub.
guests at aqua dive paradise homestay will find a tour desk and laundry facilities.
guests staying in twin and double rooms have a private kitchenette in their room.
cortina d'ampezzo is 35 km away, and it is a 40-minute drive to the dolomiti bellunesi national park.
located in castellammare del golfo, casa vacanze tramontana features self-catering accommodation with a modern décor.
the 700 m2 spa area also includes a finnish sauna, an aromatic steam bath, and a relaxation zone with water beds.
guests can enjoy food in the on-site restaurant or have a drink in the bar.
the bathroom has shower in it.
an airport shuttle is available upon request.
a free japanese-style breakfast is served daily on a first-come, first-served basis.
the hotel is a 5-minute drive from king fahad’s fountain.
the garden includes a children’s playground and barbecue facilities.
other dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance.
podgorica airport is 75 km away, while tivat airport is located 87 km from the property.
republic palace is 1.1 km from maqan hotel almaty, while kok tobe mountain is 1.4 km from the property.
king george fort is a 5-minute drive from the hotel, while scarborough town centre is a 10-minute drive away.
each cottage contains double bedrooms, a shared kitchen and a living room.
this centennial house has been completely renovated and retains its original features.
a shuttle service to the property is available at the airport.
apart ferienraich is located in the pitz valley, 4 km from arzl and 10 km from the hochzeiger ski area.
tito schipa b&b is located in lecce.
several cafes, grocery shops and restaurants are located within a range of 500 metres from the property.
tortuga b&b features free wifi .
at guests’ request, food shopping can be provided and meals organized by the aparthotel in the nearby restaurants.
the property produces cold cuts, vegetables and breed horses.
located right next to the beach in stobreč, guesthouse ark offers air-conditioned apartments and rooms with free wifi access available.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment at bochkova.
the heated rooms come with an electric kettle and a tv with cable channels.
other facilities include grocery deliveries and free wifi throughout.
shops, restaurants and bars can be found in the surrounding area.
rooms here have air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
rooms at the lanta all seasons beach resort have a satellite tv, a work desk, air conditioning and a tea/coffee maker.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
located within the aldeia das acoteias natural reserve, pine cliffs village & golf suites is a 15-minute drive from central albufeira.
located 20 metres from the free ski bus stop in the very kaunergrat natural park, apart urban provides free wi-fi, free parking and a large garden with a covered terrace and a small pond.
a flat-screen tv and a telephone features in each room.
there is also an outdoor dining area, and a sitting area with sofa.
other facilities like ski storage are offered at penthouse liebelei.
for your comfort, you will find bath robes and free toiletries.
it features free wi-fi in all areas.
featuring air conditioning, yuvam motel offers accommodation in trabzon.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding and cycling.
enjoying a waterfront position just 100 metres from the pebbly beach, hotel soan is 3 km from the centre of sarandë.
it features an outdoor pool in a private courtyard, a rooftop sun deck and free wifi throughout.
also on offer is bicycle rental, a children’s playground and wi-fi in the business centre.
the closest restaurant is 300 metres from the building, the koeflach thermal bath is 6 km from the premises.
some units include views of the sea.
macedonia international airport is approximately 15 km away.
it provides free private parking.
the nearest restaurants and stores are within walking distance from the property.
a casa di marta b&b is a 10-minute walk from san giovanni underground, and offers free wifi and modern and spacious rooms with air conditioning.
guests can also enjoy their meals in the privacy of their rooms.
bright and spacious, rooms at hotel portezuelo have seating areas and minibars.
interesting day trips around colombo are easily arranged at the tour desk.
the fully-furnished apartments at departamento peatonal feature bright rooms and modern furnishings.
within 300 metres from the sandy trani ammoudia in ormos panagias, maria karga studios features a snack bar with a blossomed, stone-paved sun terrace.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the property offers free parking.
breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room or, upon request, in the guest rooms at mercure hotel brussels centre midi.
tashkent international airport is 4 km from the property, while tashkent train station is 2.7 km away.
each apartment has a balcony or terrace and a private bathroom.
guests can enjoy a russian sauna, billiard and table tennis on site and use the ski storage room and the shared lounge with bbq facilities.
situated in a 1930’s house in the exclusive providencia neighbourhood, atacama low cost offers hostel rooms with private bathrooms and linen.
located just 20 metres from playa hornos beach, this quaint hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and free wi-fi. hotel sevillano is situated only a 5-minute drive from la quebrada tourist site.
thessaloniki airport is 65 km away.
the hotel has a year-round outdoor pool and views of the garden, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
alicante airport is a 1-hour drive away.
this property is 45 km from punta de mita beach and 60 km from puerto vallarta international airport.
there is also a fireplace in the living room.
sawo inn spring inn has a 24-hour front desk.
in the centre of zadar guest can also visit the well-known greeting to the sun and the sea organ, as well as the historic st.donatus’ church.
rooms feature wood floors and beamed ceilings.
offering a sea-view balcony,there is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven, a fridge and stovetop.
free wifi is available throughout.
set just off the motorway, park hotel congressi is close to potenza's business area and just 5 minutes' drive from the historic centre.
air-conditioned, it also has an external patio with a hammock. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
it offers a sun terrace with an outdoor pool and a poolside bar.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen.
also on site is a ski storage room.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
skiing, walking, cycle, fishing, paragliding, canyoning and climbing, amongst other mountain activities, can be enjoyed nearby.
offering a barbecue and sauna at surcharge, holiday park krivtsovo is set in tver.
all rooms feature a fan and a laptop safe.
room service is also available.
a private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries and a hot/cold water shower.
zen rooms legian troppozone thematic is set inside the spot legian, 1.7 km from legian beach and 2.7 km from double six beach.
laundry and ironing services can be offered upon request at a surcharge.
the elegantly decorated hotellino istanbul offers bright guest rooms with parquet floors and modern bathrooms.
a 10-minute drive from senggigi beach, villa matahari terbenam offers a hillside retreat with calming views of the ocean and tropical greenery.
located in the village of rysstad, sølvgarden hotel’s accommodation consists of bright rooms with private bathrooms and flat-screen tvs.
calabona beach is 2 km from the property.
guests have access to an outdoor pool and a garden.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and snorkeling.
b&b angelo is located in trieste, 1.1 km from piazza dell unita d italia.
the nearest airport is brussels airport, 11 km from marc b&b.
free luggage storage is provided.
leisure facilities include heated indoor and outdoor pools, a hot tub, and a sauna.
private bathrooms come with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the hotel is 1 km from dam market and 4 km from nha trang train station.
relax residence is situated in iaşi, 4.1 km from iasi international airport.
exclusive centric apartments ii is centrally located, 10 minutes’ walk from barcelona’s plaza catalunya and the rambla.
situated in a quiet residential square, king’s wardrobe apartments are a 5-minute walk from st paul’s underground station.
canoeing, hiking and skiing opportunities are all nearby this holiday rental home.
all rooms include air conditioning, a fridge and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
hotel aurelio is just 800 metres from the a1 motorway exit of caserta nord.
just 100 metres from a beach in akrotiri bay, iris beach apartment no. 101 is set in a luxury complex with an outdoor pool.
meeting paradise services apartment is a 10-minute walk from dining at times square and a 15-minute walk from lowyat plaza.
centrally located in aarhus, this hostel features a bar, café and rooms with free wifi.
castor hill is 24 km from retamas and the tour desk can arrange bike rental and offer tips on the best ways to visit the main attractions.
ado international bus station is 1 km from hm playa del carmen, while playa del carmen maritime terminal is 1.2 km from the property.
free-use internet terminals with an attached printer are provided in the lobby, which also has free wi-fi.
these apartments at pineapple fields feature a tv and air conditioning.
pianeta oro avamposto meteo also includes a sun terrace.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage.
a fitness centre and business centre are accessible to guests at this birmingham aloft hotel. other facilities include a games room, a gift shop, and meeting facilities.
have a drink on the outside terrace and enjoy the weather when it’s sunny.
the 24-hour reception can organise horse riding.
breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served daily in a casual atmosphere.
the hotel’s reception desk is open 24 hours a day and a lounge is available where guests can relax in the evening.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 19 km from the property.
staff can also assist with laundry requests, vehicle rental and babysitting or butler service.
home away from home - light breakfast included features free wifi throughout the property.
located near national highways, the guesthouse is a 17-minute drive to águeda, a 22-minute drive to aveiro and a 40-minute drive to coimbra.
rooms include a tv, tea and coffee-making facilities and a private bathroom.
there is a well-equipped business centre as well, allowing you to check work updates.
fee private parking is available on site, and the gundersheim train station is 100 metres away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
guests wishing to explore casa de esteiro can use one of the available bicycles and afterwards relax in one of the poolside sun loungers.
it is 200 metres from jewish state museum and 300 metres from the old town.
kovalam is 28 km from thawakkul residence, while kollam is 42 km away.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
the property is located 700 metres from pelotas federal university and 500 metres from beneficiência portuguesa hospital.
rooms offer ocean and mountain views.
the niš airport and crveni krst train station are only a 5-minute drive.
free private parking is available on site.
nizza monferrato is 12 km from the ca' del cinema, and alessandria can be reached in 35 minutes by car.
the family-run gasthaus knudsen offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
hotel okayama plaza is a 3-minute walk from the lovely landscapes of okayama korakuen and a 13-minute walk from okayama castle.
restaurants, a supermarket, and a public outdoor pool can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
the kitchen includes a microwave, fridge, toaster, coffee maker and a gas hob.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bathtub.
it features ultra-modern machineries.
karon chic studio offers accommodation in karon beach.
japanese pub restaurant katete offers a wide assortment of drinks and meals, while the hotel’s buffet restaurant caters a variety of japanese dishes for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
there is a park just across the property and the sighs such as cetinje monastery and vlaška church can easily be explored.
guests can also sample barbecued seafood, pizza, and a wide range of international, italian and thai dishes at sunset beach restaurant.
suites gallery also provides free parking and basic business services like fax and photocopying.
guests use shared external toilets and showers.
overlooking by the ancient fortress of harlech castle, the refurbished y branwen hotel offers comfortable double or twin bedrooms in pleasant surroundings.
each room in xinjia apartment is fitted with a tv. the private bathroom comes with a toilet.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
carlyn guesthouse also includes a sun terrace and a shared kitchen with cooking utensils.
free parking is provided.
the lidzbark gate is 400 metres from the hotel.
airport transfer and shuttle services to surrounding areas area available with additional charges.
at riverside garden villas, you will find a hot tub, a 24-hour front desk and a peaceful garden.
the nearest airport is zhuliany airport, 5 km from the property.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
lipno nad vltavou can be found within 30 km.
each suite has a separate sitting room and sofa, with views across cadogan gardens and sloane street.
bed linen and towels are provided.
you can relax in the on-site bar.
all units offer a fridge and a tea/coffee maker.
the hostel pilgrim & hotel 3star is located 200 metres from the bertramka villa with the mozart museum.
offering tea and scones on arrival, sunville house features spacious rooms with garden views.
numerous bars, restaurants as well as supermarkets are within 5 minutes’ walk; and staff at reception can provide more information where traditional cider can be found.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit.
copying and printing services are available without charge.
the apartments of apartmentanlage janach offer scenic views of bad kleinkirchheim and the mountains, and comprise a kitchen, a living room and 1 or 2 bathrooms with bath or shower and toilet.
nearby is the famous château of vaux-le-vicomte, disneyland theme park and numerous activities including bowling, ice skating and go-karting.
each offers heating and air-conditioning. all accommodation features double-glazed windows to ensure quiet evenings.
cosy rooms at ole tai sam un hotel are fitted with hardwood flooring and neutral tone decor.
a business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided.
the apartment complex offers a ticket service and can arrange horse riding in the local area.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
just a 30-minute from accra city center, maglab hotel offers air-conditioned accommodations. free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
the escorial palace is only 15 km from the hotel.
every room is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the nearest restaurant is reachable on foot in just 1 minute, and there is a supermarket 1.6 km from the property.
you can prepare your meals in the privacy of your own fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
relaxing massage is available upon request.
free parking is offered on site at the marietta americas best value inn. laundry facilities are available and the front desk is staffed 24/7.
using the petit palais as base, guests can discover the region’s countless attractions such as the archaeological sites epidaurus and mycenae.
there is also the adults-only blue moon restaurant offering gourmet international cuisine.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet and free toiletries.
the hostel is 500 m from marques de pombal station, downtown lisbon is 1.2 km away and has various traditional shops and cafés.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar and snack bar.
l'ermitage d'akchour also includes a seasonal outdoor pool. guests can enjoy a children's playground and a restaurant on site.
different leisure facilities are offered at carinth, including soccer, table tennis, an indoor and outdoor climbing wall as well as a sauna.
this apartment features a balcony, a flat-screen tv, cable channels, a seating area and a minibar.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is available.
located in lenola, petalo rosso features free wi-fi throughout, free private parking. it offers a sweet breakfast daily and classic-style rooms.
some rooms have a private bathroom with shower.
sheremetyevo international airport is 28 km from the property.
fax and photocopying services are available in the business centre.
at a surcharge, guests can use a safety deposit box.
full of charming period features, the hotel retains its original, century-old staircase and polished wood floors.
every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
adrieli houses offers pet-friendly accommodation in ágios nikólaos. zakynthos town is 12 km from the property.
at bem estar caldas guests will find barbecue facilities and a hot spring bath.
apartamentos miriam are situated within a 10-minute walk of puerto rico’s sheltered beach and harbour.
the nearest airport is bali denpasar international airport, 31 km from canikaya villas ubud by premier hospitality asia.
the apartment is non-smoking, but there is a designated smoking area on the balcony.
the nearest grocery store is 50 metres from apartament luca and a restaurant is 200 metres away.
resort world new york casino is 6.4 km away.
a flat-screen tv, free wi-fi and a spacious living area with sofas feature in this air-conditioned studio.
mafra national palace is a 7-minute drive.
alternatively, la rose spa offers a variety spa treatments.
bali village hotel resort & spa offers comfortable accommodation set within tranquil greenery.
the homestay also offers car hire.
facilities at hamar guesthouse include a terrace and vending machine with soft drinks.
ospa has a variety of treatments including massages, facials, and body wraps.
it features a garden, and free wi-fi in all areas.
a vending machine is available in the lobby area and provides drinks.
for your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and a hairdryer.
located a 5-minute walk away from the gorgeous candolim beach, shalom guest house which has apartment style accommodation offers a 24-hour front desk and is a convenient base from which to explore the secluded tropical paradise.
in winter, a ski bus stops 300 metres from the kehlbauer ferienhof and takes guests to gaissau hintersee ski area, which is 15 km away. cross-country skiing and snow tubing is possible in faistenau, 10 km from the property.
château des tertres welcomes you in the heart of the loire valley, 20 km from blois and 18 km from amboise.
the guest house is 6 km from upington golf club and upington airport is 7 km away.
there is a variety of restaurants and bars in the streets around the hotel.
set 1.4 km from olymp entertainment park in gelendzhik, this apartment features free wifi.
puerto vallarta international airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
there are private and shared bathrooms.
featuring free wifi access, this apartment features a spacious and modern living area with a flat-screen cable tv, comfortable sofas, dining table and city views.
this guest house features both free wifi and free private parking.
rooms are tastefully furnished and free wifi access is available throughout the hotel.
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi, 18 km from sukhumvit privacy, and the property offers a free shuttle service.
the hotel bären in solothurn is located about 200 metres from the sankt katharinen train station and offers you tastefully decorated, soundproofed rooms with free wi-fi.
some of the rooms also come with a balcony overlooking the terrace and the sea.
ecuatreasures is located in a quiet and safe residential area north of quito, a 20-minute drive from the middle of the world city and just 5 minutes' drive from the condado shopping centre.
shared and private bathrooms come with a shower.
the nearest airport is utapao-rayong-pataya international airport, 25 km from the property.
sevilla cathedral and la giralda are 350 metres from the property.
all rooms are equipped with cable tv. select rooms offer a kitchenette, seating area, or sofa bed.
guests can have a drink at the pegasus lounge.
at crb cochin palace, guests can request for luggage storage, laundry and babysitting services.
guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant.
there is a golf court 1.5 km from the hotel.
schiphol airport is 10 km from the property.
studios vythos is quietly located in kastraki of naxos, around 150 metres from the nearest beach.
the city of limassol is at a distance of 55 km, while larnaca international airport is approximately 70 km away.
free wi-fi and a full kitchen are provided in guest rooms.
inside the munich all inclusive campsite you’ll find carnival-type celebrations, djs, live bands, live radio shows and an open bar for a daily flat-rate. hot and tasty breakfasts are served each morning, as well as delicious dinners every evening.
all heated accommodation features a dining and lounge area with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave. a flat-screen tv is featured.
a ferry port can be reached in 1.5 km.
breakfast can be served daily on request.
ladies beach is 1.4 km from sunrise hotel, while kusadasi grand bazaar is 500 metres from the property.
there is a shared kitchen and shops at the property.
located in tartu, 350 metres from town hall square and university of tartu, apartment vallikraavi offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
featuring a kabuki-inspired interior and views of kotohira city, ikiri restaurant serves japanese dishes.
the apartments feature a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can relax in the outdoor hot tub or on the patio under the gazebo.
wi-fi is available for free.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
room service is provided.
guests are spoilt for choice with the variety of water sports and outdoor activities offered.
the contemporary fitted kitchens feature an oven, microwave and refrigerator, and full kitchenware is provided. there is also a dining area, and a welcome pack is provided, with tea, coffee and biscuits.
each room here features cosy décor and comes equipped with a small seating area, a fan and a private patio.
the newark airport fairfield inn offers an on-site fitness centre with cardio equipment and free weights.
at pousada riacho doce urubici you will find barbecue facilities, a garden and a shared kitchen and lounge.
the motel also offers express check-in and check-out services.
it offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
other dining options include cantonese food at royal chinese restaurant.
this self-catering accommodation features free wi-fi.
a library is also available.
belvidere is 10 km away.
the nearest airport is ohrid airport, 9 km from villa nada.
the moulin vert hotel overlooks a small public garden in the 14th district and has a 24-hour reception.
there is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer in each unit. towels are provided.
moûtiers is a 45-minute drive away and free ski shuttles are available next to the property.
daily trips and excursions to the surrounding islands and rafting on cetina river can be arranged by the owners.
shower facilities, towels and a set of free toiletries are available in the attached bathroom.
the hotel offers free bicycle rentals, a business centre and a chargeable airport shuttle service.
free wifi is featured .
a 24-hour business centre and a modern fitness centre that is fully equipped with cardio and weight machines are available to guests.
beijing railway station is a 20-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 18 km from the property.
featuring a garden, terrace and outdoor swimming pool, villa escocia is located in the residential area of javea, just 5 km from el arenal beach. this property offers bbq and free wi-fi.
there is a public car park on site available at a surcharge.
free toiletries are also available.
set in cortina d’ampezzo, villa oretta offers free wi-fi, a restaurant and alpine-style rooms with wood-beamed ceilings and carpeted floors. this family-run property also features a shared terrace.
the three bedroom apartment comes with a kitchen, a living/dining area and a bathroom.
a cafe is a 10-minute walk away.
primo, by melissa kelly is an organic italian restaurant featuring ingredients from an on-site vegetable garden.
featuring a private infinity pool, ravdoucha epavlis-villa eleni is located in ravdoucha village.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
free private parking is available on site.
a ski bus stops in front of the property and the nearest restaurant is a 15-minute walk away.
adler train station is 14 km away, while adler airport is 16 km away.
each unit is well equipped with a coffee machine, personal safe and an attached bathroom.
a restaurant is located in a neighbouring building and a grocery store is within 150 metres.
caiazzo metro station is 450 metres from central station affittacamere.
the city centre is a 5-minute walk away.
adamello's restaurant boasts a panoramic dining room and offers traditional italian dishes and a wide selection of fine wines.
au bord du monde is a 30-minute drive from the historical city of bourges and its cathedral.
you can admire the mountain views or watch a dvd by the fireplace in your apartment’s living area.
guests can also enjoy a hearty breakfast each morning.
oceanside harbor is 6.7 miles from the hotel and camp pendleton marine corps base is 10 minutes away.
a flat-screen cable tv and minibar are provided in each room.
guests can dine in the on-site restaurant or enjoy a drink in the bar.
all rooms come with air conditioning, a tv and an electric kettle.
check out pompidou centre (1.2 km).
all rooms have a private bathroom.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the hotel is just off sloane square, in the heart of stylish chelsea.
other services include laundry and bicycle rental.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment on djavaxishvili.
shared and private bathrooms include a shower.
loch ness is a 15-minute drive from the quaich b&b and inverness castle is a 5-minute walk from the house.
the inturjoven marbella is less than one kilometre from the beach and a 5-minute walk from la represa park.
surrounded by countryside, this traditional cantabiran house is located just 4 minutes’ drive from playa de cuberris beach.
simply furnished with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a desk, wardrobe, seating area and a tv with cable channels.
the schönruh’s restaurant offers traditional and international cuisine in the elegant dining room or on the terrace.
at samara monkey villa you will find that activities, such as cycling, are popular in the area.
the living room includes a sofa bed, dining table and flat-screen tv. the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, oven and microwave.
lyndhurst rooms is set within 10 minutes’ walk of the overground stations at denmark hill and peckham rye.
la feria nature center is 9 minutes’ drive away.
cable tv and an en suite bathroom are included.
free wi-fi, free parking, an outdoor pool and a turkish steam bath are featured at green deck boutique hotel.
vita marina sur is a 20-minute walk from torre bermeja harbour.
a bakery is only 50 metres away.
a small restaurant serves small, regional baden-württemberg dishes in the evenings and can be enjoyed on the hotel’s terrace.
each unit at pension koc features a flat-screen tv, satellite channels and a dvd player.
the property's location makes it an excellent base to discover aix-en-provence, which train station is just a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free wi-fi access is available. a mini fridge is offered in each room.
each room at pubulos will provide you with a private bathroom and free toiletries.
leisurely afternoons can be spent laying on the beach or indulging in pampering treatments at the spa.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy thai and western cuisines at the on-site restaurant.
free parking for cars, large vehicles and trailers is available.
bed linen and towels are provided.
hallingskarvet national park is a 25-minute drive away.
guests can relax in the 400 m2 garden and have an evening bbq during a romantic sunset.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
free wi-fi is available in the lobby.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
the accommodation is fitted with a seating area.
at tupirmarka lodge you will find a 24-hour front desk, room service, and a snack bar.
free private parking is also available on site.
the resort also offers an on-site mall with coffee shops, a supermarket and souvenirs.
free private parking is available on site.
with a great location, it is just 100 metres from mucugê street and 500 meters from acqua beach.
fewtor place is located less than a 15-minute drive from lamai beach.
the property offers free parking.
they also have a seating area and a private bathroom with a shower, toilet and bathrobes.
free wi-fi access is available and it has an on-site à la carte restaurant.
it is located across serra verde train station, a 15-minute drive from the botanical garden and downtown.
it is an ideal starting point for excursions in the leventina and blenio valleys.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
free wi-fi at the bar and on-site, private parking are provided.
the mysore railway station is 77 km from the serai kabini. the bangaluru international airport is just over 260 km away.
a tv is featured.
casatorre le volte is situated in a restricted traffic area, and lies 100 metres from the central piazza iv novembre.
rayentray convention centre is 300 metres away.
with panoramic views over the gail valley, gasthof waldemar is a traditional farmhouse with many animals, a children’s playground, and a restaurant serving traditional austrian cuisine and carinthian specialities.
all air-conditioned rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
free wifi access is available.
louisville zoo is a 5-minute drive from the hotel. the kentucky exposition center, kentucky derby museum and university of louisville are within a 10-minute drive.
a continental breakfast is served daily and nearby outdoor activities include via ferrata, hiking, and golf.
king’s square garden is just a few minutes’ walk from dreamhouse apartments london city.
guests benefit from patio.
a valet parking service is also available.
just 300 metres from hampstead underground station, la gaffe features a stylish restaurant and wine bar.
offering a restaurant, au aon guesthouse is located in ko tao.
dining can be enjoyed in the výpřež restaurant 300 metres way.
there is also a roof bar, which you can sample a variety of beverages and refreshments.
young sun hebei is a 10-minute drive from zhongshan plaza and 33 km from shijiazhuang zhengding international airport.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
it offers free wi-fi and rooms with flat-screen tv.
it also offers free toiletries and a tumble drier.
timbavati wildlife park is 4 km from away.
rooms feature a seating area with a sofa and flat-screen cable tv.
the accommodation is provided with a dvd player and cable-tv, which broadcasts german and scandinavian channels. there are four bedrooms with one double bed each and one bedroom with two bunk beds.
the modern kitchen includes a hob, microwave, coffee maker and a washing machine.
a 5-minute drive from jr hakodate station, villa concordia resort offers spacious rooms with a balcony, a kitchenette and free wired internet.
it includes a living room with large windows, a sofa and flat-screen tv with a dvd player.
there is a shared lounge at the property, as well as a kids' room.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
overlooking the golf course, classic cafe serves western and asian dishes.
the bathroom has shower in it.
the guest house also proposes activities including hikes, donkey rides and it can organise tours and transfers.
the spacious and air-conditioned rooms at the old lady hotel feature satellite tv, a minibar, and a hairdryer.
other facilities like grocery deliveries and water sports facilities are offered.
a city beach is 150 metres away.
a homemade breakfast including hot tea and coffee, fruit, pastries, and a hot menu rotation is served each morning at always inn.
free bed linen is provided in every apartment.
all chalets have a self-contained kitchen with an oven and a microwave.
the town of can picafort, with various restaurants and bars, is 5 km away. palma de mallorca airport is a 45-minute drive from the villa.
guests can enjoy a swim in the indoor pool or relax in the hot tub at la quinta inn & suites frankfort.
guests can enjoy an outdoor terrace by the pool. fax and photocopying services are available.
ploschad vosstaniya metro station and moskovsky train station are 400 metres from the hotel.
located on top of a dune and commanding pretty sea views, this offers modern rooms with free wi-fi.
la pedrera is 2 km from private rooms passeig de gracia, while sagrada familia is 2.3 km from the property.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a tennis court, villa de paco is located in sever do vouga.
novy vek shopping centre is 800 metres from apart-hotel lenina 57.
located in the village of ritzingen on the furka pass road, hotel weisshorn features an infrared sauna and a traditional swiss restaurant with a sun terrace.
malaga airport is 38 km from the property.
the basilica of saint john lateran is a 10-minute walk away.
nestled on a bluff across from cowell's beach, this 3-story victorian home is a restful bed and breakfast that offers unique guestrooms and thoughtful amenities just steps from the santa cruz beach and boardwalk.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
it offers a traditional restaurant and a café.
bed linen is available.
wi-fi access is available in the lobby.
they have basic furnishings and include a desk and wardrobe.
all accommodation features a tv and a bathroom with a bath, while some also have views of mont blanc and a washing machine.
units offer views of the garden and mountains. some units have sea view as well.
guest house jam features free wifi throughout the property.
downtown penthouse is air-conditioned and offers a large private balcony.
rambla boutique apartment features a living-dining room with direct access to a balcony with city views.
apartment sundern-langscheid - 02 offers pet-friendly accommodation in sundern.
surrounded by a gorgeous woodland-style garden with a pretty stream and huge fir trees, this edwardian house is often visited by red squirrels and deer.
located in brest, this apartment features free wifi. brest centr puschkinskaja boasts views of the city and is 2.2 km from brest fortress.
the transfagarasan highway can be reached in a 20-minute drive.
breakfast can be ordered to the apartment in advance.
free private parking is possible on site.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
you can enjoy a varied buffet of italian and organic products served in the breakfast room known as the mirror lounge.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
big fish arranges barbecue and tapas evenings, and also offers rental of surf equipment, kayaks and mountain bikes. luggage storage, a laundry service, adaptors and free city maps are available.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning.
the air-conditioned and heated apartment comes with a lounge area and satellite tv. there is also a dining table and a well-equipped kitchen with dishwasher.
it consists of 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, living room and kitchen.
with free wi-fi throughout, this simple apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a shower.
breakfast is provided every morning and includes sweet items.
pachá nightclub is 15 minutes’ walk away.
the air-conditioned rooms feature mountain views, a flat-screen satellite tv and a fridge.
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer can be used at rosenhof pension.
a traditional kaiseki-style dinner featuring local fresh seafood and vegetables is served.
guests of hotel jasmac plaza can relax in the yukata cotton robe while watching satellite tv.
vending machines and free parking are also provided on site.
each has a private bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
set 1 km from the centre of olmedo and 15 km from alghero, b&b funtana de talia offers a garden and classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
with views of the flowery garden, horses in the field or the distant mountains, the bright and warmly furnished rooms each provide beds with egyptian white linen.
the attentive bi-lingual staff will be happy to help you plan your stay in this interesting town.
the property is 3.9 km from coate water country park and 4.4 km from lydiard park.
the terrace is the perfect place to relax with a newspaper.
room has either shared or en suite bathroom facilities.
extras include an ipod dock, a cd player and cable channels.
select rooms include a mini fridge and a private bathroom which come with a bathtub as well as hot and cold shower facilities.
you can also go hiking and explore teide national park.
the tv lounge has a fireplace and cable access.
some rooms are complete with a spa bath.
situated in coral bay, villa monica is a villa boasting an outdoor pool. the villa is fitted with air conditioning and free wifi. free private parking is available on site.
room service is available for 24-hour.
daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
the property has a spacious lobby with bar and couches, as well as well-equipped meeting facilities.
they also have a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area.
free parking is available at the chalet and the ben gurion airport is 19 km away.
bairro alto is 1.7 km from apartment duarte pacheco, while chiado is 2 km away.
livi paradise apartments also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
ayvalik town centre is 4.8 km from the property.
many other beaches can be found nearby, such as es carbo beach, a 10-minute drive away.
laundry facilities are available for guests to use at their convenience.
spa facilities include a whirlpool, a sauna, a scottish shower and a finnish sauna shower.
massage treatments and car rental can be arranged upon request.
there are many restaurants and bars within a 5-minute walk of the stern am rathaus cologne.
children can head to the lagoon pool that offers water park features.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower and free toiletries.
hotel sant roc’s panoramic restaurant offers a high quality daily menu with local and international specialities.
the sofia university tube station is 800 metres away.
the nearest airport is trapani airport, 12 km from terranova appartamenti.
it takes 17 minutes to drive to busan station and 35 minutes to haeundae station and haeundae beach.
kitchens include a stove, coffee maker and fridge.
the property's restaurant offers full-board meals.
the house features a seating area with sofa and a mezzanine room.
ostuni is 18 km from the property.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing, snorkelling and cycling.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
batumi airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
in winter hotel asterhof offers guided ski tours. in summer guided hikes are offered.
nearby national parks include gran paradiso and mont avic.
a kitchenette equipped with a fridge, cooking hobs and an electric oven is provided in each of the cottages.
set 50 metres from the beach, apartments dijanović's self-catering accommodation provides air conditioning and a furnished terrace offering sea views. free on-site parking is available.
kiyevsky train station, from which guests can get to vnukovo airport, is 2 metro stops away.
the suites also feature views over the castle.
staff can arrange day tours, vehicle rentals and laundry service at additional charges.
at loulouat le mar furnished units you will find a 24-hour front desk.
adler-sochi international airport is 28 km away.
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
each room at leonardo hotel charleroi city center comes with a tv, a work desk and a telephone.
pokoje gościnne pod kołem is a self-catering accommodation located in a wooden, highland style house in the centre of zakopane, 600 metres from krupówki, a town promenade and 500 metres from the cable car to gubałówka.
free private parking is available on site.
maredsous abbey is 19 km from this property.
simple breakfast of toast and coffee is offered at the dining room at an extra charge.
at tedugal guest house you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.you can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and fishing.
during the summer, guests can enjoy breakfast on the quietly situated terrace.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
kitchens have microwaves.
firenze campo di marte train station is 1.5 km away.
the on-site restaurant serves local cuisine.
itu bus station is 9 km away and the city centre can be reached within a 25-minute drive.
apartments on gogolevsky boulevard is 2 metro stops from kiyevsky train station and 30 km from sheremetyevo airport.
villa orwood is located in kalutara, 40 km from colombo and 19 km from bentota.
the 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage and free toiletries.
a 5-minute drive from xindu sports forest park, chengdu binfen hotel offers free wi-fi in public areas and elegant rooms with free wired internet. on-site parking is free.
apartment tato and nini's features views of the city and is 1 km from rustaveli theatre.
the homelike apartment is decorated with modern interiors and includes a flat-screen tv in the living room and a fully equipped kitchen.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
it is 10 metres from a bus stop with links to bergamo’s centre, the train station, and bergamo alta new city centre.
the nearby towns of cherasco, alba and barbaresco are reachable in about 40 minutes by car.
lellizzick bed & breakfast is located in a grade ii listed elizabethan farmhouse on a peninsula in cornwall.
kitchenware is provided, while towels and bed linen can be obtained at an extra charge.
private parking is available on site for an additional charge upon reservation.
located in ortakoy district, midtown istanbul is just 300 metres from the sea.
a breakfast buffet is available daily in the dining room.
facial and body treatments are provided upon prior reservation.
the daily breakfast is buffet style.
a 1-minute walk from south main street, leahys lee house youghal offers bed and breakfast on ireland’s southern coast.
free wi-fi throughout and free private parking are also available.
the hostel also offers a shared lounge and laundry facilities.
each elegant air-conditioned room includes a flat-screen tv, a trouser press, and tea and coffee making facilities.
the private bathroom is complete and comes with free toiletries.
each of the townhouses have their own characteristics and sleeping arrangements as well as being located in different areas of the welsh capital.
all units feature a flat-screen tv.
apartments tea is located 2.5 km from the nearest beach.
the west end is within easy reach on the tube.
the kołobrzeh lighthouse is within 3.5 km.
there is a public beach right in front of the hotel.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
tbilisi international airport is 78 km away.
the living room comes with a fireplace and flat-screen tv.
located a 2-minute drive from easton outlet shopping centre, residencial quilicura offers accommodation in santiago.
topkapi palace, hagia sophia, blue mosque and grand bazaar are within 10 minutes’ walking distance.
dosso dossi hotels old city is a unique child-friendly city hotel.
the hotel’s à la carte restaurant serves a mixture of modern english and international cuisine, and is open every day apart from sunday evening.
these heated rooms rooms include a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the property offers free public parking.
the nearest airport is kruunupyy airport, 51 km from sillanpään kartano and 3km from the kemora circuit.
my home - istanbul offers free private parking on site, and modernly decorated rooms with a private kitchenette and free wi-fi.
after breakfast, you can also plan their excursions or airport shuttles.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave and fridge. a stovetop and kettle are also featured.
also available to each apartment is a washing machine and ironing facility.
set on each of the 2 floors, la pineta’s rooms feature a fully equipped bathroom with bath or shower and are fitted with natural wood furniture and parquet floors.
it has a modern kitchen with oven, microwave, fridge and dishwasher, and a dining area.
highlands reserve golf club is 13 minutes' drive from the villa.
juanda airport in surabaya is 3 hours’ drive away from the property.
there is a full kitchen with teas and coffee, oven and a refrigerator, and the bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries.
you can also visit s’abufereta nature reserve, home to numerous bird species and located 6 km from the house.
it takes 5 minutes to walk to nevsky prospekt metro station.
the motel features a front desk that is staffed 24 hours a day.
located by the e6 highway, this apartment is 6 minutes’ drive from central sarpsborg.
some rooms boast views of the surrounding mountains.
each studio has smart wooden floors and functional décor. studios are divided into a sleeping area and a living-dining area with a tv and dvd player.
you can enjoy a drink by the swimming pool and work on your tan at the sun terrace.
liberia international airport is 67 km away.
there is a selection of restaurants within a 10-minute walk of the accommodation, and the nearest supermarket is 1 km away.
featuring luxurious interiors, this hotel is located in the prestigious etiler district, close to many shopping malls.
located 150 metres from jesolo's beaches, residence mara offers apartments with free wifi, air conditioning and a terrace. it comes with a private beach area and free bikes.
at nanxuan club lijiang you will find a 24-hour front desk, a charming garden and a terrace.
various dining options are a short walk from apartment on deribasovskaya street.
tribhuvan international airport is a 15-minute drive away.
xietaizi subway station is a 10-minute walk away.
set 2 km from the smolyan lakes and the ski lift, chapov guest rooms offers rooms with free wifi.
the property offers free parking on the plot.
the ibis la ciotat hotel also has a swimming pool, restaurant, bar and outdoor terrace.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with a bath and a hairdryer.
the hotel offers free on-site parking.
the clérigos tower is 2 km away and porto international airport is 16 km away.
this air-conditioned property is just 500 metres from the beach.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
bathrooms and toilets are shared with other guests.
the colorado springs airport hampton inn boasts an on-site fitness centre, complete with an indoor swimming pool and whirlpool.
the palace of auburn hills, home of the detroit pistons basketball team, is 4 miles away.
each room features a high-quality mattress and bed linen, free broadband internet access and a powerful shower.
in winter, skiing is popular in the area.
set in santa pola, this apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 8 km from playa carabassi beach.
apartments bokan is a self-catering accommodation located in cetinje, 6.7 km from lovćen national park.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out la malmaison art center (500 metres) and les princes casino (500 metres).nice côte d'azur airport is located 19 km away.
within a 5-minute walk of the property are many shops and restaurants.
suites have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the renowned port wine cellars are a 20-minute walk away, as is the douro riverside area and its various restaurants and bars.
free private parking is available on site.
located in panglao city, the property is about 500 metres from alona beach and 1.6 km from danao beach.
relax on your balcony and admire the sea views and countryside.
each one has a kitchenette with a hob.
porto mós residence is just 2 km away from lagos.
city rooms are 300 metres from the swiss national museum and 400 metres from the niederdorf.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, free wifi and free parking.
free private parking is available.
it is situated 15 km from the city of saint-malo and 20 km from dinard.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
there is free entry to varde water park. the property also offers free parking on site.
shuttle services in the city are available on request and free private parking is possible on site.
at fleur de vie bungalows, guests may approach the friendly staff for assistance with luggage storage, currency exchange and laundry service.
a free shuttle service, a gift shop and safety deposit boxes are also available on site.
at holiday home sandtoftevej blåvand you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace. an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including an water park.
hotel guests have free access to nordic walking poles on request.
moradia cuco includes 3 double bedrooms and a twin bedroom.
some rooms offer a balcony with pool view.
the watermark brasserie and bar serves a selection of locally sourced produce, and offers views across porth beach from the spacious conservatory.
jinjiang inn suzhou liu garden is 2.5 km away from suzhou railway station and 3 km from north bus station.
the lounge in the apartamentos bardenas also has a kitchen area with a dishwasher, microwave and coffee machine.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge.
free public parking is available at the hotel pension nordlicht.
they also have a private bathroom with a hot shower.
it offers free wi-fi in public areas and an outdoor pool. parking is free.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
this self-catering apartment offers free wifi and a well-equipped kitchen.
prau ault is a chalet located in flims, next to the forest and in the ski and hiking area of the tschingelhörner mountain unesco world heritage site.
free wifi is available.
the air-conditioned unit is 7 km from castle of limassol.
free wifi is available in the entire apartment.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
the lofoten aquarium and the lofot museum are both a 5-minute drive away.
a shared equipped kitchen and a common living room are provided to guests.
quality inn city centre coffs harbour is only 1 km from coffs harbour city centre.
numerous bars and restaurants serving local and international cuisine can be found nearby.
guangzhou baiyun international airport is a 50-minute drive away.
it offers exterior-facing rooms with heating, air conditioning and free wi-fi, as well as a restaurant.
a range of restaurants, serving both indonesian and western food, is about a 30-minute drive from villa bali bliss (north bali).
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
located in shinjuku, studio-d is a private apartment with a terrace, free wi-fi and a king-sized bed.
located less than 3 km from downtown vancouver, this property is a 6-minute walk from connaught park.
private bathroom offers a shower, while the balcony offers a view of the sea.
a tv is available.
the property includes a garden, a hot tub and bbq facilities, as well as, free parking and free wifi.
many bars, shops and restaurants can be found next to the apartment and the sacré-coeur basilica is just a few minutes’ walk away.
breakfast is buffet style, while italian cuisine is available at dinner in the restaurant overlooking the adriatic sea.
it offers free parking and rooms with satellite tv.
set in kabardinka in the krasnodar krai region, 15 km from gelendzhik, vitaliya features a barbecue and children's playground.
you will find a kettle in the room.
guests have access to señor frog's beach club during their stay.
traditional and international cuisine are served at the restaurant of strazhite hotel.
free wi-fi access is available.
guest house camelot features free wifi throughout the property.
the bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
each bungalow is equipped with a fan, a mosquito net, and shower facilities.
sunny view apartments is within close walking distance from everything the resort has to offer, and is the ideal location for those who like to be in the heart of everything
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
the manali bus station is 2.2 km away, chandigarh railway station is 297 km and chandigarh airport is 313 km from the property.
it features an on-site discotheque. free wi-fi and free private parking are available.
gourmet, regional and international dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant.
the 24-hour front desk can secure airport shuttles.
you can order dishes from the surrounding restaurants.
villetta cornino is a detached holiday home featuring a garden with a terrace, situated in custonaci.
the restaurant serves delicious food, prepared with local seasonal products. you can complement your dinner with one of the 200 excellent wines from the restaurant’s selection.
featuring views of the beach, each room also has a private bathroom with toiletries.
some rooms have a private bathroom, and the shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
the hotel offers free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception.
wat xieng thong is only 2 minutes away and local and international restaurants are also within a short walk.
the strážnice castle is a 10-minute drive away and the milotice castle is 15 minutes by car from the lidový dům hotel.
there is a lounge with a fireplace, and wellness centre with a steam bath and jacuzzi.
wi-fi in public areas is free.
the property is 11 km from brioudre train station and 20 km from motorway a75.
they overlook the surrounding natural landscape.
the nearest airport is rostov on don airport, 14 km from hostel malinovskii.
each room has a tea/coffee maker and ironing facilities.
the river seine is 200 metres from the hotel, and the louvre museum is 1 km away.
it offers a spa area in swarovski style and free wifi.
a dry room with a boot dryer and a small workshop are available free of charge for motorcyclists.
diókert vendégház features free wifi throughout the property.
situated in noale, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. the property boasts views of the city is 24 km from venice.
situated in a mountainous area, in the village of espinoso de compludo, albergue el arte de amarte offers accommodation with heating, free wi-fi, and free public parking.
guests can enjoy the sea views, the furnished terrace and the garden.
children can enjoy breakfast at a reduced rate.
the fan-cooled rooms feature a flat-screen cable tv and seating area.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
each includes a bathroom with shower while some have a patio or balcony.
the elegant rooms feature décor comprising of white and natural colours.
all units include a flat-screen tv.
free private parking is also available on site.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hair dryer in each unit.
apartments in classic style is an apartment set in lviv, 400 metres from the ivan franko national university of lviv. apartments in classic style features views of the city and is 600 metres from lviv state academic opera and ballet theater.
breakfast at rosemont is made from high-quality and free-range local ingredients, sourced from the surrounding villages where possible. full cooked options are available, along with lighter choices, such as french toast and irish potato farl with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs.
free parking spaces are available on site.
at hotel nad wisłą you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
rio vermelho is only a 5-minute drive from praça civica.
featuring a bath, shared bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers.
home-cooked meals can be enjoyed in the apartment’s dining area, while restaurants and cafés are a 5-minute walk away.
each studio offers a kitchenette equipped with a microwave, a fridge and a stove.
sibiu international airport is 7 km away.
on request and for a surcharge, groceries can be delivered right to the chalet ́s doorstep.
luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
for relaxation, guests can schedule a massage or sunbathe on the poolside terrace.
cable tv is provided in every room at lakeside inn. complete with a microwave, the rooms are also equipped with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
at desert inn resort convention center you will find a 24-hour front desk.
offering a garden, hof garber offers accommodation in san giorgio. mayrhofen is 39 km from the property.
set in the centre of maiori, a 10-minute drive from amalfi, hotel pensione vittoria offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi and balcony.
it is 90 km from colombo city and 125 km from sri lanka international airport.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
it features free wi-fi and a 24-hour front desk.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
the staff, available 24 hours a day, assists with car and bike rentals and offers concierge services.
complete with a microwave, the dining area also has an oven and refrigerator.
a sea view can be enjoyed from the property.
the property features a bar-restaurant and games room.
each has heating, parquet floors and a wardrobe.
pellonhovi’s staff can help arrange river rafting trips, snowmobile safaris and other activities.
guests of tongson bay lomtalay villa can make use of car hiring and laundry services.
the restaurant vier serves seasonal cuisine and specialities from the brandenburg region.
grenada grand beach resort is located next to grand anse bay beach and 2 km from morne rouge beach.
the restaurant is open for dinner, and serves local specialities made with fresh 0-km range produce.
located 400 metres from aquapark batumi and beach, this apartment features free wifi. batumi features views of the sea and is 2.3 km from dolphinarium.
rooms feature contemporary décor with stylish interiors.
chrome cottage berlin features free wifi throughout the property.
offering sweeping views of the tranquil rice fields, bhuwana ubud hotel provides a peaceful and health-conscious getaway in pengosekan.
all the rooms at upton cross b&b feature a flat-screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities and an en suite shower room.
boasting a beachfront location, only 50 metres from the sea, altair hotel has comfortable rooms and apartments with free wi-fi in downtown san clemente del tuyú.
hotel signagi is 4 km from the church of st. nino and only 20 metres from the signagi museum.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
all have a private bathroom and free wifi.
other facilities at casa empuriabrava include a barbecue.
featuring a rooftop terrace with views on milan skyline, nyx milan is located in milan, a 3-minute walk from stazione centrale train station and 1.5 km from milan fashion district.
hotel 81 palace is found in a vibrant corner of singapore, a short 10-minute walk from aljunied mrt station. surrounded by well-known eateries, the cosy hotel offers value-for-money accommodation.
air conditioned and en suite, rooms include a flat-screen tv and minibar.
each room will provide you with a desk. there is also a dining table.
set in london, this apartment is 900 metres from oxford street.
vinoteca offers a warehouse with selected wines.
bjertorp slott is an elegant manor hotel dating back to 1914, offering an excellent example of swedish art nouveau architecture and surrounded by a lush, green park area.
the property is only 850 m from the water and dining options may be found within 2 km.
half-board includes a large breakfast buffet, a soup in the afternoon, and a 5-course dinner with desert buffet.
located in a gated community off interstate 4 exit 60, these kissimmee holiday homes include a full kitchen and free wifi.
poreč and its unesco-protected euphrasian basilica are 34 km away, while pula airport is 39 km from the kati rooms and apartment.
there are also a wide variety of walks which can be taken along the coastline and the glens which surround the area.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
the gaudia restaurant serves romagna cuisine and offers fish, meat or vegetarian options.
there's a fully equipped kitchen.
all apartments include a fully equipped kitchen and a lounge area offering a flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
there are also barbecue facilities available at an extra charge.
each room at this inn is air-conditioned and has a flat-screen cable tv and a kettle.
the nearest airport is florence airport, 28 km from the property.
free private parking is possible on site.
free on-site parking is offered.
the guestrooms boast free local calls and extended cable tv.
hotel piramide is just 500 metres from the unspoilt paxariñas beach, in galicia’s pontevedra region.
the hotel is surrounded by numerous dining options in chinatown.
a number of shops, restaurants, and cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the house.
giardini naxos is 30 km from a-me, while acireale is 5 km away.
cabañas mangai is a 4-minute walk from the city centre and 18 km from anakena beach.
en suite bathroom has towels and shower facility.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
ocean spray features free wifi throughout the property.
zagreb airport is 15 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
some also have a separate balcony or terrace.
there are several hiking and cycling routes in the surrounding area and the nearby mundo river is ideal for fishing.
featuring free wifi, elia portou due is set in the chania old town district, 100 metres from archaeological museum of chania and 100 metres from etz hayyim synagogue.
the flying mozart cable car to the huge ski amadé winter sport area is 600 metres away and can easily reached by ski bus.
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a terrace. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
all rooms include cable tv, a desk, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
motel strzeszynek is located in the poznań’s green belt, only 200 metres from the beautiful strzeszynek lake.
all apartments are 75 m2 in size and feature parquet flooring, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a balcony offering panoramic mountain views.
the sheraton is a 20-minute drive from miyazaki jingu shrine, and a 36-minute drive from sadowara museum kukusho-kan.
situated in albufeira, v6 vivienne is a holiday home featuring an outdoor pool.
central tønsberg is 7 km away.
the private bathroom is complete with a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
some units also provide a spa bath and stylish marble fittings in the bathroom.
located in the palm jumeirah, the holidays shop -palm jumeirah villa d119 offers a fully furnished accommodation. it features a private beach, free wi-fi in all areas and an outdoor pool.
each caravan includes a well-equipped kitchen with oven, microwave and fridge, kettle and toaster, and a lounge and dining area with tv and dvd player.
gl hotel houses a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage space.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
wifi access is available in this holiday home. the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a balcony.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine and microwave.
relax residence thoddoo maldives features free wifi throughout the property.
the apartment has 1 double bedroom and a bedroom with 2 single beds.
there are a shared kitchen and a shared tv lounge available on site.
all have a work desk and a private bathroom with a shower.
acadian village is 9 miles from drury inn.
rooms offer garden views and include a tv and en suite bathroom with free toiletries.
continental and scottish breakfast options are served in the large dining room, which offers views of agnew park.
pension edison7 enjoys a quiet location in a residential area of bratislava, a few steps from the radiova bus station.
ushuaia port and the city's tourist information office are 300 metres away.
swissôtel ankara is a 10-minute drive to panora shopping mall, and 2 km from atakule tower and shopping mall.
taiyuan east railway station is a 10-minute drive away.
a 24-hour front desk is available.
port elizabeth’s african sands guesthouse offers private entrance self-catering accommodation a 800 meter walk from humewood beach.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers.
ischia harbour, which has links to naples, is reachable in less than 10 minutes by car.
there is a shared lounge, where guests can relax.
all rooms include a private bathroom, and most have a tv.
located in a modern building, the sierra de gudar rural apartments have central heating and a living-dining room with a tv. the kitchens include a ceramic hob and a microwave.
some rooms have a balcony and tea/coffee facilities.
one bathroom comes with a shower while the other comes with an additional bathtub.
some units have views of the garden or city.
free wifi and free private parking are provided.
argostoli, the capital of kefalonia, is 5 km away from the complex.
a bus to/from ortisei and castelrotto stops right in front of the property, while a ski bus stop can be reached in 10 minutes on foot.
a hairdryer may be available upon request.
the lounge area offers a flat-screen tv and an ipod dock.
there is a selection of restaurants in viveiro.
each includes a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletry set.
upon arrival guests are offered a welcome basket with typical italian products.
the rooms at the seehotel villa passion have a flat-screen tv with cable channels, and a modern bathroom.
the rooms offer a flat-screen tv.
there is a bowling alley on site and guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
guests can enjoy a lake and city view.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
some rooms have a garden-view patio and free wi-fi.
the property includes a tennis court and a semi-olympic outdoor pool with a water slide. free wi-fi is available in public areas.
a minibar, work desk and wake up service are available.
free wifi access is available.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
at victoria beach apartment you will find barbecue facilities. other facilities like dry cleaning, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
in the h+ ferienpark's main building, you will find a kiosk and a charming breakfast bistro with a large sun terrace.
yuronga hotel is situated close to the kilemarsky nature reserve where you can explore a beautiful forest.
free wifi and a ski storage room are available.
the bar “liakoto” offers coffees and sweets that can be enjoyed while looking at the unlimited views.
the helena regional airport is just 11 minutes' drive away.
palladium shopping centre can be reached within 400 metres.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, stay inn london - dollis hill offers self-catering accommodation in london, 3.1 km from wembley stadium.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
the nearest restaurant is also set in the spiežovec.
xs aparthotel is a self-catering accommodation, located in tbilisi.
manohra cozy village is just 5 minutes’ walk from kata beach in phuket.
airport shuttle can be arranged for.
the nearest airport is salzburg w. a. mozart, 68 km from emma ferien – hauptplatz apartments, and the property offers a free shuttle service.
you will also find a kettle and a telephone in the room.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
several restaurants can be found within a short walk of the the property.
within a 5 minute walk away from the property guests can find various restaurants, clubs and bars.
a daily continental breakfast is served at fort stockton holiday inn express hotel and suites.
downtown dallas is 36 miles away.
offering free wifi throughout, palazzu is a self-catering apartment located in patrimonio.
rooms are fitted with a flat-screen cable/satellite tv, electric kettle and minibar.
located in lagos, apartamentos da muralha offers an outdoor pool. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. the property is 1.0 km from meia praia beach lagos and 700 metres from dona ana beach.
the patio also comes with sun loungers and an outdoor dining area.
the comfortable apartments feature modern design and furniture. they offer a sofa, cable tv and dvd player.
guests are welcome to take advantage of the large garden at the property with its furnished terrace, children’s playground and barbecue facilities.
hotel california flats offers accommodation in anápolis.
local restaurants can be reached within a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
pre-packaged breakfast items are at guests' disposal in the room.
the hotel is within 5 blocks of tepoztlan’s centre, where you will find cafés, bars and restaurants.
punto sur esquel patagonia is located in esquel, 350 metres from 25 de mayo commercial street and 400 metres from san martin main square.
guests can find a variety of restaurants and convenience stores within 10 minutes’ walk.
delano is 43 km from whispering meadows apartments.
it offers classically appointed rooms with free wi-fi and a view of visagintas town.
saint sophia cathedral is 6 km from sunhouse, while khreshchatyk is 7 km from the property.
located in irkutsk, apartment on igoshina 5 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
galicky dvir hotel is located 250 metres from the lake svityaz.
the hotel is situated within a 5-minute walk from the local supermarkets and restaurants.
palace square is 600 metres from apartment millionnaya 19, while state russian museum is 700 metres from the property.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, windsurfing and cycling.
they all have a warm décor and a private bathroom.
situated a 1-minute walk from patong beach, modern living hotel boasts an on-site seafood restaurant and free wifi throughout the property.
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
situated in mallorca’s tramuntana mountains, sa plana petit hotel has a seasonal outdoor pool surrounded by attractive gardens and olive trees.
they sleep in traditional futon bedding on the tatami (woven mat) floor.
the property offers free parking.
seaport bar & brasserie is a pleasant setting for a light meal or an evening drink.
this elgin hotel is within a 15-minute drive of the grand victoria casino.
rooms at this property have a romantic feel and a tv.
amenities include an lcd tv and a mini bar.
the nearest airport is zakynthos international "dionysios solomos" airport, 13 km from the property.
holy dormition pskovo-pechersky monastery is within a 15-minute walk.
with a view of the garden, the rooms at villa les iris feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a welcome tray, an electric kettle and ironing facilities.
the next restaurant is 500 metres from landhaus elisabeth and a supermarket can be found 3 km from the property.
it is 6 km from konyaalti beach.
it features a large terrace with loungers and views of the surrounding mountains.
additional features include free wi-fi access and bike and motorbike parking.
porto angeli offers guests a variety of outdoor sports and entertainment.
accommodation at scandinavian dream includes a private kitchen and bathroom with shower.
for a more intimate dining experience, trentina restaurant offers authentic italian ingredients from well-known chefs.
belgrade central station (1.7 km) and st. sava temple (2.6 km) are within walking distance.
elegant air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen satellite tv, seating area and a balcony.
air conditioning is available, as well as cable tv, a dvd player and a washing machine.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport, 50 km from the property.
rooms at manna beach villa are air conditioned and are fitted with a minibar, a balcony with seating and en suite bathroom with shower and bathtub.
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
gordes is 45 km from bel appartement neuf en provence, while gréoux-les-bains is 12 km from the property.
guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. a fridge and kettle are also provided.
opera vieille-ville tram stop is a 5-minute walk away.
the units are composed of 2 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
millennium beach park is 3 minutes’ walk away.
there is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with a microwave and toaster.
baiyun airport is 35 minutes' drive away.
free parking is offered on site.
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
enjoy buffet spreads under the night sky at aangan while super snax offers delicious milkshakes and ice cream.
the hotel’s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region.
the open-air lounge at pousada hotel da praça features free wi-fi.
a kids’ pool is also available.
all of chbat’s rooms are air conditioned and fitted with tv, minibar and telephone.
a balcony and patio are included.
the bathrooms are fitted with a bath or shower and complimentary toiletries.
extras include a desk and ironing facilities.
laundry, dry cleaning and ironing service can be arranged at an additional charge.
heated rooms feature wooden floors and flat-screen tvs.
this apartment is located in a town villa in hameln, a 9-minute walk from the river weser.
the centre of blagoevgrad and the aubg american university are reachable in 500 metres from hotel bor.
hiking tracks in the chočské mountains, the kvačianska and the prosiecka valleys can be reached within 3 km.
a bus stop is 50 metres away, and the central bus station is within 250 metres too.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
various dining options are a 10-minute walk from apartments papazian street.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning from 05:30.
northumberland national park is a 55-minute drive from the bank guest house.
the nearest airport is federico fellini international airport, 2 km from hotel marzia.
wifi is available on request and for surcharge.
there also is a souvenir shop on site.
breakfast is served in the room, or at a stylish bar nearby.
room service is available 24/7.
the on-site bar is ideal for a quick snack or a fresh drink.
the kreithlift ski area is reachable within a 10-minute drive.
a complimentary breakfast is served each morning.
room services are available.
the relais is 8 km from the town of capolona and a 20-minute drive from the exit of the a1 motorway.
there is a garden, where guests can relax.
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge and a stovetop.
situated on the anatolian side of istanbul, elite hotel kucukyali offers rooms with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv. facilities include a rooftop pool with panoramic views of the marmara sea.
satellite tv and sofa are featured in the living area.
at mini hotel dudkino you will find a 24-hour front desk, barbecue facilities and a bar.
at an altitude of 1450 metres, the hotel is 10 km from the botanical gardens at alpino and a 35-minute drive from stresa on the shores of lake maggiore.
located 5 km from děčín city, hotel maxicky features an on-site bar and restaurant with a summer terrace that overlooks the natural pool located in front of the property.
the national mississippi river museum & aquarium is just 4.4 miles from this dubuque, iowa hotel.
extras include a desk, a safety deposit box and bed linen.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
aveiro is 45 km from apartment arcozelo, while póvoa de varzim is 39 km away.
burchfield's restaurant, a year-round indoor/outdoor pool, and rooms with a 37-inch flat-screen tv are all featured at this oak ridge hotel.
guests will find a great variety of restaurants serving the local gastronomy within walking distance.
throughout the day the bar serves cocktails and a variety of drinks.
abbesses metro station is 650 metres away and gives direct access to the saint-lazare train station and place de la concorde.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and barbecue, agriturismo casapasserini is situated 10 km from londa in the tuscany region, where you will find restaurants and supermarkets.
located in pantai cenang, chenang purplish guest room d' langkawi offers one-bedroom chalets with free wifi and free private parking.
set in santa teresa gallura in the sardinia region, this detached holiday home with sea-view bedrooms is 17 km from palau. the property is 40 km from porto-vecchio.
lençóis maranhenses national park is 40 km away.
hotel asliyya grande operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours. it features 2 dining options and a free wifi connected business centre.
each room has a balcony or terrace and the majority of them overlooks the outdoor pool and the beach.
upon request and against surcharge a shuttle service can be arranged.
st. pete forum sports arena is 6 blocks from the sheraton tampa riverwalk and the florida aquarium is a 5-mintue drive from the hotel.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, a seating area and satellite channels.
all bed linen and beach towels are provided.
towels, bed linen and toiletries are provided.
canterbury cathedral is a 30-minute drive away.
it offers spacious rooms, free wi-fi, private parking and panoramic views.
bicycle rental can be arranged at the hotel and staff can also help with tourist information and ticket reservations.
a continental or full english breakfast is served every morning for a supplement at domaine de piscia.
located in gelendzhik, guest house u katyuni features an outdoor pool and a sauna.
breakfast and other meals are served in the canteen.
bolshoi theatre is 2.5 km from apartments on 3-ya tverskaya-yamskaya 56/6, while state historical museum is 2.8 km away.
within 100 metres from the property, guests can find restaurants and supermarkets.
the modern apartments feature a balcony or terrace and come with an open-plan lounge and satellite tv.
other facilities like a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
laundry, dry cleaning, business centre, meeting/banquet facility, and spa treatments are available with extra charges.
the new delhi railway station is 2.5 km, the domestic airport is 12 km and indira gandhi international airport is 16 km.
located in the centre of lavandou, 200 meters from its sandy beach, this hotel offers simple yet elegant rooms with free wi-fi.
towels are available.
located in a quiet area sunny beach, just 150 metres from the sea, horizont apartments features a free seasonal outdoor pool and air-conditioned accommodation with wifi at a surcharge.
the hotel offers guests a concierge to help them explore the area and free weekday newspapers in the lobby.
lavandou port is a 5-minute drive away, where ferry excursions can be taken to the hyères islands.
free private parking is available on site.
cochin international airport is about 140 km away.
this boutique hotel houses a permanent display of art from papua new guinea.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
waterstone fire roasted pizza is a casual restaurant with a bar that features beverages from the local micro-brewery, jefferson street brewery.
this southampton, cn hotel is also convenient to a variety of shops, golf courses, restaurants and beautiful sauble beach.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
encore de frieira river can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
all the soundproofed rooms at campanile hotel saint germain les corbeil have a tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries and a bath or shower.
it offers a saltwater pool, turkish bath and sauna for a supplement.
featuring free wifi and garden views, ceramicalia is a holiday home, situated in vietri.
vorderjetzbachhof is quietly located in maria alm am steinernen meer, 200 metres from the abergbahn ski lift, and features accommodation with mountain views, a shared balcony and free private parking.
items include a station where guests can make their own waffles.
a private bathroom features a shower.
it features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace.
situated in malorechenskoye, 43 km from yalta, domik v derevne features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking.
a restaurant, a café bar and a mini market for the general supplies can be found 200 metres away.
the garden with palm trees includes a swimming pool.
towels and linen are included and are changed every 3 days.
the guesthouse inn and suites provides guests with a continental breakfast.
guests at the barceló puerto vallarta can choose from 5 restaurants.
moscow city centre, with such iconic sights as the bolshoi theatre, red square and st basil’s cathedral, can be reached in 20 minutes by public transport (metro).
nieporęcka apartment boasts views of the city and is 1.8 km from warsaw national stadium.
free wi-fi access is also available in public areas.
apartment agmashenebeli is a self-catering accommodation located in tbilisi.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
free on-site parking is provided.
from here, you can visit forte dei marmi, 3 km away from the hotel.
featuring carpeted floor, each room of metropol is tastefully decorated.
just a few metres from kavos beach in corfu, evgenios studios offers accommodation with free wifi and furnished balcony overlooking the ionian sea.
the two-floor amor’s unit offers air conditioning in the living room, a fully equipped kitchen and 2 separate bedrooms.
offering indoor pool, holiday home tunvej ebeltoft x is located in ebeltoft.
rooms include a parasol, 2 sun loungers at the private beach.
a bus stop with links to termini train station is only 10 metres away.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove, coffee machine and microwave.
a bus station with connection to mykonos town is a few metres away.
meeting facilities, laundry facilities, and free parking are included.
the hotel is 120 metres from a bus stop, and 1 km from neuruppin west train station.
each room comes with a satellite tv and safe, as well as a balcony or terrace.
affittacamere the tramp is located in la spezia, a 10-minute walk from the seafront.
some have a private bathroom and some offer access to a shared bathroom.
some rooms have a balcony.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hostel tango offers accommodation in astrakhan.
the bathroom includes a shower.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
the horizon inn provides guests with a variety of thoughtful amenities, including on-site laundry facilities and free in-room hbo movie channels.
the bathroom has a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
breakfast is buffet style and the restaurant serves mediterranean specialities at lunch and dinner.
this hotel is located 3.1 km from central montivilliers and 11.1 km from le havre and its port.
piazza del popolo is reachable on foot in 6 minutes.
free wifi and a 24-hour business centre are included at the aloft nashville west end. billiards and a fitness centre are also on site.
milano cadorna train station is a 15-minute walk from casa express 3, while the brera art gallery is 1.5 km from the property.
a living room and a balcony are offered in some room types.
residencial christal das flores is located in canasvieiras, and is a 10-minute walk to the beach.
free wi-fi access is available.
oz ulutas apart evleri has a restaurant and a café on site serving fast food.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, ticketing service and a tour desk.
a fitness centre is provided at hopkinsville rodeway inn. other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities and a 24-hour front desk.
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bidet and a hair dryer.
the hotel is 3.5 km from the n104 motorway and 1.6 km from the emerainville sncf (rer e) train station, which gives direct access to saint-lazare and gare de nord train stations in central paris.
free private parking is available on site.
ririn greenbay apartment is a 10-minute drive from pluit village mall, 15-minute drive from emporium pluit mall and a 20-minute drive from soekarno-hatta international airport.
the living room includes a tv and a sofa bed.
housekeeping is also offered at coin de paradis.
guests can dine in the on-site restaurant and there is also a shared tv lounge.
appartements am kurpark is in the immediate vicinity of a café and a bus stop and offers free wifi.
an archeological site with remains of a 6th century church can be visited only 300 metres away.
the private bathrooms have a shower and toiletries.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
nadi airport is a 1-hour drive away.
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
free parking is available near the premises.
they have a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
surrounded by greenery, this north jutland hotel is 10 minutes’ walk from slette beach.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the hotel has an on-site tour desk.
the hotel is located just 1.1 kilometres from nai yang national park.
kotka and hamina can be reached by car in about 1 hour and loviisa kouvola in half an hour.
offering daily housekeeping service, it provides complimentary parking on site.
the famous avenue louise offering various shops, restaurants and bars is within a short walking distance.
you can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and snorkelling.
guests also enjoy the unique opportunity of a qualified chef cooking meals for you using the fully equipped kitchen in your suite.
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
ferries to mainland italy leave from olbia, 40 km to the north, and it is a 40-minute drive to costa smeralda airport.
квартира на академической offers accommodation in akademgorodok. the unit is 25 km from novosibirsk.
albergo morando is 30 km from serravalle scrivia outlet shopping center. genoa is a 1-hour drive away.
stralsund main train station is just 2 km away from ferienappartments rindfleisch and the a20 motorway can be reached in 25 minutes by car.
guest rooms at african rock hotel are air conditioned and feature a combination of african, western and oriental décor.
b&b hoeve jadoul is 9 km from waremme, 13.9 km from landen and 14.3 km from sint-truiden.
airport hotel park blue features free wifi .
home to the swiss-belhotel mall on the 1st floor, swiss-belhotel harbour bay features luxurious rooms with city or pool views and free wi-fi.
each apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette with a dining area, and 2 or more bathrooms with bath or shower and toilet.
located in landrecies, just next to the mormal forest, les charmilles de mormal offers facilities for business meetings and banquets.
this accommodation offers a big garden.
guests may lay back and enjoy a casual drink at malabrigo bar.
you can enjoy lake view and mountain view from all the rooms.
okanogan stampede is 10 minutes’ drive away.
the hotel is located 13 km from incheon international airport and 46 km from gimpo international airport.
towels, linens and toiletries are provided.
there is a variety of restaurants in the centre of braunlage, a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
the property offers a terrace and bbq-facilities.
greg's residence phuket is a 5-minute drive from rawai beach and naiharn beach.
the chestnut room can comfortably seat up to 50 delegates, whilst the lounge affords complete privacy, thus allowing small meetings to be held in a luxurious atmosphere.
a cable tv, microwave, and small refrigerator are provided in all rooms at the fairfield inn by marriott dothan.
the property provides free private parking, and is located a 15-minute walk from the sea.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
sports city is a 5-minute walk away from al noor apartments.
the property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches.
each apartment has a private entrance and a bathroom with shower.
rooms at the hotel are modern and elegant.
there is a common kitchenette accessible for all guests, and there is a designated barbecue area on site.
la barrosa beach is a 10-minute drive away.
the wet‘n wild waterskiing area on bernsteinsee lake is just 4.5 km away. the velten (mark) train station is 2.3 km from the hotel velten amarillo.
after a long day you can enjoy a freshly prepared meal in the hotel’s restaurant, summer land, with a capacity of up to 200 people.
the reception is open 24-hour and the residence features a laundry.
the stylish, air-conditioned dormitory room are decorated with wall paintings and include individual lockers.
guests have free access to a sauna, hot tub and solarium, and the outdoor terrace offers views over the surrounding gardens and parkland.
a cable tv and telephone are featured in each air-conditioned room.
guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
the nearby island including ko samui and ko tao can be reached with a shot boat ride from ko phangan.
featuring bright and colourful décor, all rooms at gasthaus hilligenley include a private bathroom and a tv.
with a seafront position in hastings, seaspray b&b offers free wifi access throughout.
hiking, sports fishing and horse riding are possible nearby.
free wi-fi and air conditioning available.
it offers free wi-fi and a terrace.
facilities
each apartment has a private bathroom.
there are 4 restaurants with special menus for children.
it is located a 15-minute drive from rennes and 35 minutes from st malo.
all rooms include free wi-fi and a work desk.
it is on cefalù’s promenade and most rooms overlook the sea.
the titina is a family-run bed and breakfast located on the 3rd floor of a modern residential building, only 150 meters from roma tiburtina train station.
malindi marine park, offering snorkelling and glass-bottomed boat trips, is a 6-minute drive away and malindi golf course is 10 minutes’ drive from giraffe house b&b.
set in lyuben karavelovo, in the batova river area, kolyovite izvori hotel offers free air conditioning, a garden with barbecue facilities, an à-la-carte restaurant and free luggage storage.
the water reservoir orava is just 5 km and the panasonic factory 1 km away.
complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as a cd player are available.
breakfast is served to your room at an additional fee.
pale de cz lct house enjoys a great location in busan, just a 2-minute walk from the popular haeundae beach.
the nearest lift of the großglockner ski area is a 5-minute drive away.
the charming cityhotel ratheiser offers a rich breakfast buffet, an exclusive tea parlour, a well-stocked wine cellar and the “venus sauna island”.
rounds family ranch is 5 minutes' drive from these cottages.
towels are provided.
a flat-screen tv is available.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
guests benefit from terrace and a terrace.
located within an israeli settlement, the rimonim hermon holiday village is a small holiday resort built in the style of a swiss alpine village, surrounded by the breathtaking scenery of the golan heights.
guests can use either shared or private bathroom facilities.
each large room is bright and features a modern décor and a flat-screen satellite tv. some rooms have a balcony and others include a private bathroom with carrara marble.
each room also features a private outdoor shower area.
in addition to a bedroom with 2 single beds (90 x 200 cm), you will find a living room with a sofa bed and a newly decorated bathroom.
the cottages at les palmeres feature tiled floors and simple décor.
the slovakian border is only 3 km away and lake czorstynskie is a 20-minute drive from the accommodation.
there is also an equipped kitchen, fitted with an oven, microwave and fridge. a stovetop and kettle are also available.
apartment on tatarskaya, 1/7 offers accommodation in moscow, 2.1 km from saint basil's cathedral. the air-conditioned unit is 2.2 km from cathedral of christ the saviour.
guests will also find restaurants within a 5-minute walk.
private bathrooms come equipped with a walk-in shower.
cap cana marina is 2.2 km from villa tatagua, while playa juanillo is 3.5 km from the property.
a shuttle service from pulkovo airport (19 km) is available for an extra fee.
it offers a high standard of bed and breakfast accommodation alongside its popular restaurant and bar with pretty terrace beer garden.
it also has thai and western dishes for lunch and dinner.
laundry, airport transfers and shuttle services can be arranged at an extra cost.
free wifi access is available.
this ocean front property is within walking distance to the historic district in cape may, new jersey.
the kitchen is fitted with a fridge.
visitors can book soothing massages or relax in the gym after a long day.
rapperswil old town with its castle, harbour and pedestrian zone is 1 km away.
each has views of the surrounding countryside, free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a private bathroom.
the en suite bathroom has free toiletries and a shower.
istorichnyi muzey metro station is 2 minutes’ walk from kharkov apartment, and the derzhprom building is 1 metro stop away.
bengaluru international airport is located about 180 km away.
with air conditioning and cable tv, all the red sea's rooms include a private bathroom and minibar.
guests are invited to relax on deckchairs on the pool terrace or in the garden.
centrally located in saint petersburg, this accommodation offers individually furnished apartments. stn apartments budget is set a 5-minute walk from nevskiy prospekt.
the apartment complex features a serenity area with a swimming pool and a chill-out bar.
all units come with a flat-screen satellite tv, a sofa and a dining area. there is an equipped kitchen or kitchenette, including a dishwasher.
featuring air conditioning, apartmani old town offers accommodation in trogir. park eks fanfogna is 200 metres away.
located in paragominas, mavil plaza hotel offers a swimming pool, fitness centre and meeting facilities only 100 metres from the city centre.
free wi-fi is available here.
muri beach resort guests enjoy free use of kayaks, snorkelling gear and reef shoes.
bars and restaurants can be reached with a short walk.
new moon villa provides free parking on site.
gelendzhik airport is 6 km away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the neptune fountain situated 500 metres away or the green gate reachable within 600 metres.gdansk lech walesa airport is located 12 km away.
sinbad’s kids club and the scene teens club offer entertainment for children and and teens.
21c museum hotel durham extras include a flat-screen cable tv, nespresso® coffee machine, and malin + goetz® toiletries.
a hairdryer is provided in the private bathroom.
the house has free wi-fi, a terrace and flat-screen tv.
guests staying here can enjoy a wide array of activities, including horse riding, fishing and diving.
bed linen is featured.
laundry services are available for an extra fee.
situated 200 metres from platja d’aro beach, hostel hipica park offers simple rooms with terraces.
izmir adnan menderes airport is 85 km away.
huab lodge & bushspa is situated in on the route to and from etosha national park, which is 176 km away.
the private bathroom in each unit comes with shower.
guest rooms and bungalows are both equipped with a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
located right in front of matsushima bay, komatsukan kofu-tei offers accommodations with free wired internet access.
the modern guest rooms offer a wall-mounted 42-inch flat-screen cable tv and an alarm clock radio.
free public parking is also available.
florence is a 1-hour drive away.
the apartment will provide you with a living/dining room, with a sofa bed, an open fireplace and a dining table, a double and a twin bedroom.
hospederia sagasta country house is located in torrecilla en cameros in the rioja region and features free wi-fi and comfortable double rooms.
the green courtyard is an inviting place to relax during the warmer months.
nearby attractions include silver oaks golf & country club (6 minutes' drive) and colt creek state park (16 minutes' drive).
accommodation will provide you with a tv, a seating area and cable channels.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
guests have easy access to the mecca and amman malls, a 5-minute drive away from grand stay.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with mini-market available on request.
porto de iracema beaches is 300 metres from monsenhor tabosa handcraft market and 2 km from fortaleza city centre.
hospedaje amarantos is centrally located in suances, next to the main square and bus stops, and 10 minutes’ walk from the beach.
etna wine azienda agrituristica is set at walking distance from the mounta etna park.
there is free wifi and on-site parking.
all hotel rooms have a private bathroom. the apartments and studios also feature a kitchenette or a kitchen.
suur-mere guesthouse is located in the heart of haapsalu old town, in a historic, estonian style house 280 metres from the baltic sea.
buses stopping in front of the hotel link to jesolo lido, 10 km away, and punta sabbioni, 7 km away.
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning.
featuring air-conditioning and free wifi, 27 concubine lane is a restored chinese family house that offers accommodation in ipoh. it is a short walk from the ipoh railway station and many local restaurants.
wifi is provided in some of the rooms, for free.
guests can hike through the rainforest or head to the river for a leisurely soak.
local dining outlets can be found within a 5-minute walk from the guesthouse.
guests benefit of a shared kitchen and washing machine at the property.
it offers a kitchen with an oven, a fridge and a microwave and a tv is available on request at an extra charge.
guests at the fairfield inn and suites northwest are provided with a daily breakfast buffet.
gym facilities and a barbecue area are a available.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out isola bella (800 metres) and mazzaro (800 metres).
towels and bed linen are available at warsaw uprising.
bonaventure island ferry is 10 minutes’ walk away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
offering a fitness centre, green world station hotel is located in taipei.
it offers around-the-clock front desk and self-catering accommodation with sea or mountain views.
the house is a 25-minute drive from viña and a 40-minute drive from valparaiso.
free private parking is possible on site.
all of them have fully-equipped kitchens and dining areas.
the gulf islands national seashore is 18 miles away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
free bicycle use is also offered.
daily maid service is also provided.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
rooms are equipped with a work area and canal+ satellite tv.
the stylish culinaria restaurant serves a selection of international and slovak dishes and offers views of the hotel’s green courtyard.
there are 2 golf courses within a 5-minute walk of the property.
an italian breakfast buffet is included and consists of various drinks, croissants and homemade cakes.
extras include bed linen and a fan.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding. the area is popular for snorkelling and fishing.
satellite tv and a radio are there as well.
a 10-minute walk from bts saphan kwai station, the capital mansion features comfortable accommodation with modern facilities.
laundry facilities are available.
non-smoking rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and a seating area.
free private parking is possible on site.
at saint maurice you will find a garden.
the almyra’s romantic rooms feature cream-coloured furnishings and tasteful wall papers.
it is 1.5 km to bekupė village, where the nearest shop is located.
the beaches along the adriatic coast are a 20-minute drive away.
its guests can enjoy slovak and hungarian cuisine, as well as fish and grill specialities.
for business travellers, a business centre with meeting facilities as well as fax and copy machines are available.
their private bathroom includes a shower.
sa tanqueta de fornalutx offers a daily breakfast service.
calpe harbour is around 2 km away.
newspapers are provided, while laundry and ironing services are available on request.
to prepare their meals, guests can use the apartment’s fully equipped kitchen with microwave, stove and oven.
it also comprises a fully equipped kitchen with an indoor and outdoor dining area.
koblenz is 50 km away and frankfurt-hahn airport is 35 km away.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
holiday home vollerup vang is located in kalundborg and offers a sea view.
jambo mara safari lodge is situated in the masai mara national reserve, 1 km from the ololaimutiek gate.
the hotel operates a 24-hour front desk and can assist with luggage storage, ticketing and airport shuttle services.
paradisul acvatic is 3.2 km from eden in centrul brașovului, while casino vesuvius is 4.1 km from the property.
d. luis i bridge is 600 metres from casa fontainhas, while ribeira - unesco world heritage is 700 metres from the property.
boat parking is available.
it is decorated with ornate paintings and there is live music in the evenings.
there are numerous shops, restaurants and cafes within 5 minutes’ distance from the property.
various shops and restaurants can be reached within a 1-minute walk.
a refrigerator, a microwave and coffee-making facilities are provided. each air-conditioned room features a balcony.
all rooms are equipped with a cable tv, a work desk and a kettle.
this 5-star resort is located in keitum, on the north frisian island of sylt.
it is a 30-minute drive from honfleur and etretat, and deauville is 40 km away.
located 2 km from the hintertuxter gletscher ski area and 5 km from zillertal 3000 in madseit, haus geierwand offers a fully-equipped kitchen, a terrace with views of the mountains and free wi-fi connection.
the kremlin and the red square are a 20-minute walk from the hostel.
yerevan apart hotel is 13.3 km from yerevan train station and 17.7 km from zvartnots international airport.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
free wi-fi and 24-hour front desk service are offered to all guests of the fashionhaus hotel.
there is also a wide continental selection.
the air-conditioned rooms of sun maritim feature carpeted floors and wooden furniture.
free parking is also available.
the resort also offers car hire.
ipanema 646 is a self-catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro, just 400 metres from ipanema beach.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a washing machine, a dvd player and a flat-screen tv.
featuring french colonial architecture, it also offers panoramic city views, a sauna and steam bath.
shops and restaurants can be found within a 5 km distance.
you can enjoy lake and mountain views from the room.
situated along hjelledøla river, this scenic countryside property is 9 km from jostedalsbreen national park centre.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is available.
free wi-fi access is available.
supermarkets and restaurants can be found within walking distance and château rouge metro station is 100 metres away, which offers direct access to the notre dame.
complete with an electric kettle, the dining area also has a dining table.
many of frankfurt's most popular destinations can be reached within minutes from the best western hotel villa stokkum.
all the well-appointed units are equipped with a personal safe, minibar and flat-screen cable tv.
situated 2 km from mogren beach in budva, this apartment features free wifi and a balcony. the property boasts views of the city and is 3.8 km from jaz beach.
large windows flood the rooms with natural light and internet is available free of charge.
at la cattedrale you will find a shared lounge and luggage storage.
set in extensive grounds, casa polín is a guest house located in cebreiro, las herrerías, on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route.
free wifi is available throughout.
san sebastián airport is 17 km away.
the closest bus station can be reached within 300 metres and a 5-minute walk will take you to the local supermarket and the restaurant.
guests can enjoy a new exhibition every couple of months.
the bus to lerici and portovenere stops outside the guest house.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower.
the platinum fashion mall and central world plaza are both 1.5 km away from the apartment.
located on the border between navarra and la rioja, the hotel is just a 15-minute drive from the ap68 motorway.
free wifi is available throughout.
each guest has use of an electrical outlet and a privacy curtain for sleeping.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and fishing.
relais piazza san marco is set in 2 historic buildings opposite each other.
it consists of sweet pastries and croissants, together with hot drinks.
each guest room at the maple terrace motel features cable tv with dvd player, a writing desk, and a refrigerator.
linens and towels are also provided.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing and golfing.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
rooms come with cable tv channels and balconies.
muses villas provides free private parking on site.
nova constantia offers just 8 spacious and stylish suites, allowing its staff to focus on providing a more personal service. enjoy beautifully appointed suites with modern comforts, including free wireless internet access.
sunliner is 1.2 km from ferienwohnungen am matinesweg.
each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
at hotel river, you will find a 24-hour front desk.
sanya xingdu serviced apartment is a 20-minute drive from phoenix international airport.
guided hikes and barbecue evenings take place in summer.
bed linen is featured.
the accessible location of the link hotel makes it a good option for visiting loughborough, its university, the nearby city of leicester, or as an overnight stop on the way to east midlands airport.
easy living business apartments are 2.1 km from the lucerne train station and 2.2 km from the kkl culture and convention centre.
the property is 400 metres from saint sophia cathedral and 600 metres from central street.
furnished with contemporary decor, each comfortable room at blu hotel chennai comes with a seating area, a minibar and a safety deposit box.
guests of this florence motel will find a 24-hour front desk.
na skarpie houses a restaurant serving regional and international dishes for breakfast.
the compact air-conditioned rooms at toyoko inn tokyo tozai-sen nishi-kasai come with an electric kettle and a fridge.
guests also have access to a lounge, a bar, and a fitness centre.
located a 10-minute drive from the botanical gardens, dormtur offers accommodations in viña del mar.
beirut international airport is 5 km away.
laundry facilities are available for all guests of the hotel.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
the bright bedroom features a large bookcase and a flat-screen tv. the spacious bathroom has a shower.
wenceslas square is 2.6 km from great base to explore prague, while vyšehrad is 2.8 km away.
all come with a spacious bathroom.
perpignan train station is a 10-minute drive away and rivesaltes airport is 9 km away.
located in tbilisi, fresh apartment features self-catering apartments with free wi-fi access.
here you will find large rooms and healthy cuisine.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing or you can take a walk through the forest. you can play a game of billiards at the property.
a tv and hairdryer are available upon request.
it also includes a fully fitted kitchen and a living room with a flat-screen, satellite tv, dvd and cd player.
apartments are located in a same building in the small village of san felíu de guixols.
luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
conveniently located just a 5-minute walk from shijo-omiya train station, machiya residence inn provides apartment-style accommodation in a traditional machiya townhouse.
their private bathrooms come with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the guest house has a tour desk to help guests with travel arrangements.
the spa area features a sauna, a steam bath and a massage area. a relaxation room and a drinking fountain are available.
each room at the hotel features satellite tv, a fridge and air conditioning.
golf costa brava is just 5 minutes' drive away.
republic square is 3.9 km from hotel vem bb on bagratuniats 3/2, while armenian opera and ballet theatre is 5 km away. the nearest airport is zvartnots international airport, 7 km from hotel vem bb on bagratuniats 3/2.
different types of restaurants can be found within 500 metres from hotel casa de cortes.
a cable tv and refrigerator are found in each colorful room of the best western plus – grand stand inn & suites. a coffee machine and iron are also included.
bardot apartamentos offers rooms with a double bed and fully furnished apartments with a balcony and sea views.
a free shuttle service takes guests to jesolo bus station, with connecting buses to venice marco polo airport.
all rooms are equipped with satellite tv, minibar, air conditioning, central heating and a minibar.
the property is 30 km from bastia - poretta airport and 25 km from the bastia port with ferry access to the mainland.
located in aquiraz, 650 metres from beach park, apartmento aquiraz offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant.
each unit here comes with air conditioning and heating system, along with a flat-screen cable tv and a kettle.
a continental breakfast is available every morning and can be served in the comfort of your room.
offering air-conditioned rooms with free wifi, hostal velarde is located in the centre of talvera de la reina.
the international airport of larnaca is at a distance of 65 km.
located 45 km from volterra, apartment pansy offers pet-friendly accommodation in campiglia marittima. the unit is 37 km from castiglione della pescaia.
samui airport is a 25 km drive away.
luggage can be stored at the 24-hour reception.
bed linen and towels are provided.
located in a peaceful area, villa tartaruga is a 15-minute drive from porto cervo.
situated near the centre of athens, hotel new victory offers value for money accommodation, just a few metres from the train and bus stations and within close proximity to all major city attractions.
set in the cotentin et bessin nature reserve, this hotel is 16 km from the beach in portbail.
just a 10-minute walk from the main market square, hotel delta offers affordable accommodation, an intimate environment and a friendly staff.
sainte-croix lake is just 5 km away and the verdon gorge are 7 km away. guests can enjoy lavender fields on the plateau de valensole, 9 km away. access to a 51 motorway is possible 50 km away, while digne-les-bains train station is 45 km away.
for anyone who fancies singing, the well-equipped karaoke rooms are prepared well to fill the needs.
an english buffet breakfast is served daily.
free private parking is possible on site.
all rooms at the businesshotel & apartments stuttgart-vaihingen come with satellite tv and a minibar.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv with satellite channels.
garden views can be enjoyed from all rooms.
free parking is available on site.
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and toiletries.
the tenebagolan is located in the town of had nes, in the golan heights.
surrounded by stunning alpine scenery, the hotel postigliun is just 250 metres from the bus stop in andiast and it offers fine cuisine and stunning views from the restaurant terrace.
a multi-course breakfast including fresh fruit, pastries and eggs are offered each morning at mankato bed and breakfast butler house.
the university of british columbia is 5 km from the grey point guest house.
cagliari-elmas airport is 22 km away.
featuring an indoor pool and an outdoor pool with sun loungers, hotel delfin is located in izola.
the hostel also has a snack bar and billiard facilities.
sanya hai yue bay holiday hotel's restaurant caters to all tastebuds, with its wide selection of western and chinese dishes.
guests will be able to find a restaurant area just a short 5-minute walk from the property, in the town centre.
it is 1.5 km from sauraha bus station and 21 km from bharatpur airport.
this beautiful resort offers 2 restaurants and a free shuttle service to the beach.
centre point is just a 5-minute drive away.
the kitchen has an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv is provided.
belgrade nikola tesla airport is located 17 km away.
located centrally in helsingborg, this hotel is only 300 metres from the central train station and ferry terminal.
located in the gadmen valley, 500 metres from the gadmen ski lift, the alpenrose offers a lounge with a fireplace and a billiards table, and a traditional swiss restaurant. free wifi is available.
seasonal cuisine from the baden region is served in the gerbe’s rustic-style restaurant.
heathrow, birmingham and luton airports are all within an hour's drive.
a shuttle service to/from the train station is also available.
there is a private bathroom attached, equipped with shower facility,
here, guests can book sessions in the sauna, turkish bath and hot tub.
the kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
set in a private and peaceful surroundings, each chalet features a balcony, seating and outdoor dining areas.
direct tram connections to dresden’s old town and city centre are offered from bischofsweg tram stop, 40 metres from villa romantika.
this apartment offers a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
ristorante il quadrifoglio serves delicious cuisine and is specialised in fish dishes.
guests can enjoy the golf courses situated within 200 metres and the tennis courts 500 metres away.
guests can savour german and american cuisine at oskars restaurant and bar or sandwiches at mary’s restaurant within 15 minutes’ walk of the property.
urchen is a self-catering accommodation located in maria alm. the property is close to the ski slopes.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the elegant bathrooms feature a marble bath, large shower and free bathrobes.
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
it overlooks a large private garden with a hot tub (available from 14 april 2014) and a small flowing beck.
the meeting is within easy reach of cesena town centre.
the famous temple bar is a 30-minute walk away.
there is also a gift shop featuring sami handcrafted goods.
airports are available in tivat and podgorica, both 40 km away.
it is a 2-hour, 30-minute drive from colombo international airport.
the apartment will provide you with a living area with tv as well as a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
pensión arrieta is located in pamplona city centre, within walking distance of the old town and close to numerous bars and restaurants serving traditional food and pintxos.
located in rogaška slatina, apartments super sij - vila golf is 300 metres from rogaška slatina thermal spa.
knott's berry farm is 16 km away from springhill suites. angel stadium of anaheim is 6.4 km away.
offering a solar-heated swimming pool, a games room and a basketball court, wimmera lakes caravan resort is just 5 minutes’ drive from wimmera river.
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free wifi access is provided.
guests can enjoy yoga class or traditional thai massage, or book boat trips to nearby islands with the resort’s tour desk.
marquês de pombal metro stop is just 3 minutes’ walk away and avenida de liberdade, which hosts a variety of shops restaurants and bars, is 7 minutes’ walk away.
all accommodation features a sofa, dining area and tea/coffee making facilities.
slippers and a hairdryer are provided.
the zurich kloten airport is 22 km away.
all the executive units include private balconies or courtyards with views over the surrounding hills and private gardens.
located right on the sandy beach of ierapetra, katerina studios & apartments features self-catered accommodation with free wi-fi and balcony overlooking the libyan sea or the town.
this modern, open-plan cottage has a living room with a tv and dvd player, and each bedroom also has a satellite tv.
friedrichshafen airport is 40 km away.
estudio maignon is a self-catering accommodation located in barcelona, 450 metres from lesseps metro station.
located in moraira, two-bedroom villa near the beach in moraira offers an outdoor pool.
apartments and studios have modern décor, air conditioning and colourful details.
live music and entertainment are organised during the evening.
9 de julio av.is 400 metres from apartamento downtown, while the obelisk of buenos aires is 400 metres away.
free private parking is available on site.
offering a barbecue and hot spring bath, the farm guesthouse is located in yur'yevka.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a tour desk.
japanese and western style meals are served for breakfast in the dining area.
skiing opportunities are offered in bachledova valley, 5 km away, or in strednica, 2.5 km away.
the hotel’s restaurant has three rooms, one of which has a fireplace. it specialises in regional dishes.
the b&b is well placed for visiting the langhe region, which specialises in wine, cheese and truffles.
each uniquely decorated guest room at the bella ella bed and breakfast has a flat-screen tv and a refrigerator.
apartments at the captain's den all come with a seating area, satellite flat-screen tv and 2 private bathrooms.
some units feature a terrace and/or patio with river or garden views.
the property offers free parking.
han river is a 3-minute drive away.
the property is 1.4 km from wielka krokiew ski jump and 1.7 km from the zakopane aqua park.
there is a dining area and a kitchen.
a seating area with a satellite tv and minibar is in each spacious room at lagonya club garden.
bintan lagoon resort, which houses a beach and restaurants, is also an hour’s drive away.
conveniently-located hotel offers easy access to means of public transportation such as bus, tram and metro to enjoy the city.
the hotel provides a range of dining options, including a signature chinese restaurant and a beautiful all-day dining room.
marble mountains is 13 km away.
at apartamento en recoleta guests can request a continental breakfast for an extra fee.
the farm produces its own wine.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
the nearest airport is rijeka airport, 10 km from the property.
this 3-star hotel is located in the town of greifswald, between the islands of rügen and usedom.
cross-country skiing trails can be reached within a 20-minute drive from the property.
guests purchasing food from the market can make use of the dining tables made from sewing machines.
santos dumont airport is a 1 km distance, while galeao international airport is located 14 km away.
local and international cuisine is served at the hotel’s on-site restaurant, which is open all day, and guests will find other dining options in quepos town centre.
there is a 24-hour front desk at ritsi hotel.
the hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, laundry services and daily newspapers.
the wellness centre features a sauna and a steam bath.
free parking is provided.
sweet buffet breakfast is served each morning in the common lounge.
garapuvu is 1 km from joaquina beach and 3 km from conceição lagoon.
an à la carte breakfast can be prepared at any time of the day.
free public parking is also possible at a location nearby.
offering a balcony with mountain views, chli alpa b13 is 500 metres from the hörnli cable car and 1 km from the centre of arosa.
the cream-coloured rooms offer light wood furnishings, an electric kettle and a fridge. well-appointed bathrooms have a bathtub, bathrobes and a hairdryer.
the masná bus stop is to be found 200 metres from the apartment, the dlouhá třída tram stop is 500 metres away and the náměstí republiky metro station is 700 metres off.
the property offers free wifi in all areas.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and shower.
gstaad is only 10 km and the les diablerets glacier is 4 km away from the hotel viktoria.
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
newquay is 45 km from dolphin guest house, while falmouth is 49 km from the property.
it offers free wi-fi access, a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture and a shared living room.
the hotel’s front desk is staffed 24 hours a day.
children can play on a public children ́s playground 50 metres from the property.
it features an indoor swimming pool.
hotel grand's restaurant offers traditional albanian specialties, as well as sea food and pizza.
al ansar diamond is situated 14 km from medina’s prince mohammed airport.
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
featuring a flat-screen tv with cable, each room at the holiday inn express hotel & suites portales is equipped with tea and coffee making facilities. the spacious rooms include a fridge and microwave.
hotel zhuravli offers free wi-fi and as well as an indoor swimming pool, sauna and mini-gym.
birth of christ cathedral is 700 metres from stefan cel mare street rentroommd. chisinau airport is 12 km from the property.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave. a fridge and kettle are also featured.
the hostel offers rooms and dormitories and most of them are air-conditioned and provide a flat-screen tv and a balcony.
a supermarket and a restaurant are reachable within a 2-minute walk.
there is a 24-hour front desk and a at the property.
luggage storage is offered and you can hire a car or bicycle from reception.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is provided.
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport, 13 km from the property.
dining options are found next door and in the shopping centre.
all rooms feature hardwood floors and select rooms boast a river view.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and a seasonal paddling pool.
the spa town of bad kissingen is 10 km away.
temporary home arco della pace is 5 minutes’ walk from the corso sempione area.
foz do iguaçu airport is 8 km away.
they each consist of separate bedrooms, a living room with a tv, and a bathroom fitted with a shower.
bright, exterior-facing rooms at the veiganova hotel have a tv, a balcony and a private bathroom.
this south carolina motel offers free wi-fi, an outdoor pool and rooms include cable tv.
the kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and kitchenware.
this property offers private and dormitory rooms.
homemade meals can be prepared in the kitchen which is furnished with an oven, refrigerator and stovetop.
with a private entrance, the apartments have views of the garden. they come with a flat-screen tv, sofa and oven.
free wifi access is available in this camping.
a western-style breakfast and dinner are served at the dining area.
there is also an inviting cafeteria and a courtyard with barbecue facilities.
featuring free wi-fi and air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen tv, family-run gil's hotel is a 15-minute walk from olbia’s centre.
meals can be served on the terrace during the summer.
all studios and apartments feature an equipped kitchen with dining area and a private bathroom with shower.
the hotel provides convenient travel services such as vehicle rental, visa extension, and ticket bookings.
thermal springs of taslidere are 40 km from the hotel. there are many cafés and restaurant within walking distance.
valentine & elise is less than a 10-minute drive from the eu district and the nato headquarters.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment divny.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a continental breakfast is offered at surcharge.
himeji-ekimae livemax hotel is a 15-minute walk from himeji zoo and a 25-minute drive from himeji central park.
the house comes with satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and oven, a seating area, a washing machine and a bathroom.
residency krishna coddle is 1 km from dlf city centre mall and 1.8 km from the sushant shopping arcade.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 17 km from luxury astoria apartments.
each room features wooden floors, garden views and a private bathroom with free toiletries and a bath or shower.
the apartment comes with an electric kettle and a flat-screen tv. the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop.
eastnor house hotel is very well located for exploring the town, and offers a restaurant and a cafe/bar.
guests can have a meal and enjoy free use of a summer outdoor pool at a hotel under the same ownership set 25 metres from this guest house.
florence amerigo vespucci airport is 8 km away.
marseille provence airport is 77 km away.
daily housekeeping is available.
it offers accommodation with a balcony.
the accommodation is parallel to the via cola rienzo shopping street.
the historic town of lecce is around 35 minutes' drive away.
free wifi is available in all areas.
palanga airport is less than 50 km away from this hotel.
family-run antonia studios enjoy a quiet spot, 2 minutes’ walk from st.george beach.
rooms have a balcony with sun loungers.
they offer panoramic views over the lake and towards the glacier.
inn cube is located next to taipei high speed rail station, and is a 5-minute walk from the presidential hall and 228 memorial park. by mrt train, it is 2 stops from the chiang kai shek memorial hall and a 10-minute journey from taipei 101 building.
it operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours.
bartolomeu lisandro airport is 5 km from the hotel.
jaz beach is about 3 km away from andrea guest house.
just a few steps away, you find the town’s spa gardens, and scharbeutz train station is 1.8 km away.
the property is located 500 metres from the entrance to bayo ski resort.
simferopol’ is 39 km from kedr guest house.
you can play table tennis at the guest house.
sheremetyevo international airport is a 35-minute ride with aeroexpress train from belorussky train station, which is a 20-minutes metro ride from crown hostel.
massage services and a 24-hour front desk are featured at diamond plaza hotel.
a tv is offered.
there are table tennis facilities and a bicycle rental on site.
don cayo golf club is 4 km away.
located in costa da caparica, caparica surf villa offers confortable accommodation just a few minutes’ from the beach.
you can drive to the lively town of benidorm in around 10 minutes from alborada golf.
seasonal produce, organic wine and products from the local market are prepared for dinner in the restaurant.
local restaurants and supermarkets can be reached on foot in 5 minutes. trogir city centre and the marina are a 15-minute walk away.
guests may find a wide selection of international cuisine around the district.
a garden is open to guests of quamichan inn – duncan.
warsaw chopin airport is 4.4 km away.
courtyard akron fairlawn also offers a 24-hour reception, laundry and dry cleaning facilities, and fax and photocopying services.
each room includes a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
featuring tile floors and raised bathroom sinks, iris studios offers sleek accommodations. the kitchenette features a microwave and refrigerator while the private bathroom includes a shower.
alpenhotel rieger has a spa with indoor swimming pool, sauna and steam room.
guests can have a leisurely session of mini golf, table tennis or mah-jong.
central london and westminster can be reached in a 25-minute bus ride.
a toaster, a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
the hotel is decorated with wood and warm colours.
offering a terrace, holiday home sonja 278 is located in peaceful surroundings in pula and provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
chesterfield tibshelf days inn is on the northbound side of the m1, but there is also access from the southbound carriageway.
available round-the-clock, the friendly staff can assist guests with their requests throughout the day.
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling, fishing and canoeing.
café mango offers customised set meals and local specialities.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
marconi bilocale is 5 minutes’ drive from aquafollie waterpark.
room service is provided 24 hours a day.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, allo hostel is set in rostov on don, 7 km from rostov arena. private parking is available on site.
naples international airport is 44 km from the property.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven and a microwave.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out marrakech medina (600 metres) and saadian tombs (700 metres).marrakech-menara airport is located 5 km away.
the property offers free parking and bicycle rentals.
free parking is also available.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the property offers free parking.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
guests can go horseback riding within 3 km from the traveland poiana brasov and airport transfer to bucharest or sibiu is available upon request.
shared use of a washing machine and clothes drier is also available.
at casa de los reyes hotel boutique you will find a 24-hour reception, a garden and a terrace.
located beside dongchang riverside greenland, shanghai yopark serviced apartment(summit panorama) is a self-catering accommodation which is a 20-minute walk from liujiazui financial area.
private bathroom comes with a shower.
the national theatre and the rich kosovo museum can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
the beach is just 1.5 km away.
the voneshta voda village resort, famous for its healing mineral springs, is located 20 km away from tryavna.
holiday home musvågevej ålbæk x is located in ålbæk.
the aztec motel features an outdoor pool surrounded by a sun terrace.
it houses 2 restaurants, a business centre and night club.
guests can dine at sunhill chinese restaurant, which also provides room service.
there is an additional bathroom.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet.
lunch and dinner are served at the bright restaurant.
located at the heart of the historic peninsula, 5 minutes’ walk from the blue mosque and 300 metres from the marmara sea, nova roma hotel offers elegant rooms with free wi-fi.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
some units have a terrace and/or patio. each unit is fitted with a private bathroom.
behind a traditional bavarian-style exterior, the breitenberger-hof offers rooms with a satellite tv, balcony and free wi-fi.
guests can relax in the turkish bath or in the solarium while massages are bookable at extra costs twice a week.
mogren beach is 2.5 km from the property, while budva old town can be reached in 2.9 km.
the hotel horní dvůr’s restaurant serves international dishes and czech cuisine.
at casa cachoeira do bom jesus guests will find barbecue facilities and a terrace. the property offers free parking.
the kitchen comes with an oven and there is a private bathroom.
a spacious garden with summer terrace features barbecue facilities available for guests.
guests of odessawebrent apartments benefit from the central location, as the shakh’s palace is 15 minutes’ walk away.
free wi-fi and free mountain bikes are provided.
the closest city with banking facilities is nykøbing falster, 25 km away.
within less than 10 kilometres, there are 2 excellent golf courses.
just 8 minutes’ drive from brisbane international airport, this motel offers free wi-fi, a bar, restaurant and a pool.
offering an outdoor pool, ibis budget valence sud is located in valence.
breakfast and dinner are served in at the dining area.
day trips can be organised at the tour desk or guests can take advantage of the car rental facility to explore the area.
at the missori reception is open 24 hours a day.
towels and bed linen are offered at all suite colosseo.
one of the apartments also features a gardened patio with lawn furniture.
only 100 metres from zurich main train station and the sihlquai tram stop, hotel walhalla offers free wifi throughout the property.
this hotel offers regional food, free wi-fi and country-style rooms with balcony.
the nearest airport is pula airport, 36 km from apartment tinjan o-534.
wi-fi is free at reception.
the brooke offers an on-site convenience store and free daily newspapers.
there is also available balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper.
set 1.7 km from mahabodhi temple in bodh gaya, alok house features free wifi access and free private parking.
a traditional english afternoon tea and light snacks are served in the garden room.
ylä-saarikko also provides a garden and private beach area.
split airport is only 25 km from podstrana.
the almhof’s rooms are decorated with natural wood furniture and carpeted or parquet floors.
slippers can be found in the private bathroom.
tuapse is 19 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including hiking.
located a 3-minute drive from charles de gaulle airport and a 15-minute drive from parc astérix attraction park, airport hotel features rooms with a flat-screen tv and free wifi access.
a 24-hour reception is featured for guest convenience at hale hahele by hawaii volcano vacations.
stuttgart-österfeld s-bahn station is 4 km away and provides connections to stuttgart central station, 8.3 km to the north.
vitalhotel glocknerhof is located in zell am see, a 10-minute walk from lake zell, and offers scenic views of the mountains in the zell am see-kaprun region. the areitbahn cable car is only a 5-minute walk away.
the property is 150 metres from copacabana beach and 2.2 km from botafogo beach.
burgas city is 20 km away from boutique rose gardens beach & spa hotel, while sunny beach is 21 km away.
the nearest golf course is 2.7 km away. portimão museum is within 2 km, as is the portimão marina. alvor is 6.7 km away and features seafront restaurants as well as a beach area.
set in a 14th century town house in historic arezzo, this spacious apartment features original tiled ceilings.
featuring free wi-fi and a shared kitchen, this hostel is located 15 minutes’ drive from the ice palace arena-omsk.
bed linen is provided, and towels can be hired for a surcharge.
nordic walking, as well as yoga classes on the hotel’s landing stage, are offered.
larnaca airport is 35 km away, while the city of limassol is at 30 km.
the property offers free parking.
the villa will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a terrace with dining area and bbq facilities.
avnb towers is conveniently located just a 2-minute walk from pallavaram railway and the bus station, providing easy access around the city.
this holiday home is 48 km from palma de mallorca airport.
conveniently situated just a 5-minute drive to geneva international airport and the palexpo congress centre, the stars aéroport de genève is 4 km from the un office and other international organisations.
the guest house has a garden with a terrace, children’s playground and a farm with horses.
featuring a private balcony, the spacious air-conditioned guestrooms all come with a flat-screen tv, dvd player and personal safe.
the guti oriental restaurant serves asian cuisine and international wines.
suvarnabhumi international airport is about 28 km from the hotel.
guests can order steaks and seafood at the on-site jw’s steakhouse.
koroknai porta is located in báránd, and offers free bikes, as well as a shared kitchen, a common room and free darts and table tennis facilities.
the tacoma dome is 15 minutes ‘drive from the hotel.
guests can also indulge in a traditional massage or soothe tense muscles at the sauna facility.
pueblo antiguo and café britt coffee plantation are a 10-minute drive from the hotel, and the poas volcano is a 40-minute drive away.
guests have free access the hotel’s gym, indoor pool and whirlpool.
with assistance from the tour desk, guests can make arrangements for diving, snorkelling and fishing trips.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are available in some units.
guests may relax in the shared sauna. a shared swimming pool with a sun terrace and a small fitness centre are available for those who wish to keep fit.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
sauna, russian steam bath and swimming pools are located within a 10-minute walk away.
a coffee maker and work desk are provided in the traditionally decorated rooms at super 8 middletown.
apartment idrijca also includes a terrace.
woodlands is a holiday home situated in calstock, 17 km from plymouth. the property is 49 km from padstow and free private parking is featured.
atico cap dor is located 3.5 km from ifach golf club, and you can drive to alicante airport in 1 hour. benidorm is 40 km away.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher, oven and fridge.
strasbourg international airport is 8 km away.
there are computers for guest use.
fully carpeted, rooms at conte hotel feature cable tv, minibars, and large work desk.
varna airport is 52 km from the property.
the city centre of kampot is 500 metres away while bokor mountain is 42 km from the guesthouse.
the malcesine cable car, with connections to the monte baldo ski slopes, is 200 metres from the hotel.
the hotel also has a sauna and solarium.
the guest rooms at manoir de la malle demeure feature exposed wooden beams, stone walls and a view of the countryside.
rooms here are tastefully furnished and fitted with comfortable bedding. a fully stocked minibar, flat-screen cable tv and air conditioning are all included.
divine paradise hotel provides elegant accommodation in south delhi, offering easy access to popular tourist attractions like qutab minar and the india gate.
casa de lewis is located in san cristóbal, 400 metres from playa de oro beach.
some rooms have balconies.
a business centre with computers and printers is available at dallas hyatt place.
set on a hillside with a garden overlooking lake maggiore, lo scoiattolo offers free parking, an outdoor pool and air-conditioned rooms in massino visconti.
a shuttle service to both fiumicino and ciampino airport are available on request.
towels are featured.
iberostar club cala barca - all inclusive is located 2 km from portopetro and 7 km from cala d’or.
the nearest airport is baden airpark airport, 90 km from city-apartment basler straße.
the hotel has a 24-hour front desk, boardroom and function facilities and a shared lounge.
the property is a 25-minute drive from jr iiyama station or an 8-minute walk from madarao kogen hotel bus stop.
the resort provides tour and car hire services as well as free wifi in public areas.
the nearest airport is odessa international airport, 15 km from the property.
a full-service business centre and laundry facilities are also on site.
situated in a gated community on the shores of barragem do salto, holiday home peninsula salto is located in são francisco de paula.
complimentary parking is available.
snorkelling and diving spots are in front of the apartments.
it features an on-site restaurant and the baltimore convention center is within walking distance.
guests who are driving can enjoy private parking subject to availability and for a fee.
the property is 12 km from the expo 2015 exhibition centre.
at holiday home vagtelvænget hemmet xi you will find bbq facilities and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
kongens have park and the unesco-listed rosenborg castle are less than a 5-minute walk away, while amalienborg royal castle is a 10 minute-walk from the hotel.
the holiday motel fresno provides easy access to many local attractions.
the nearest airport is moscow domodedovo airport, 21 km from the property.
the bed and breakfast is next to via laietana and is 5 minutes’ walk from barcelona’s charming gothic quarter.
located in perissa, countryside backpakers is a 15-minute walk from perissa beach.
the licensed restaurant on site serves dinner daily from 18:00 to 20:00.
it is easily accessible from the a-8 motorway, which runs across spain’s north coast to san sebastián.
the continental hotel is located in the very centre of ulaanbaatar, just opposite mongolia national amusement park.
guest house dom 17 is 3 km from rostov on don airport and 7 km from rostov train station.
rooms are equipped with private bathrooms and air conditioning.
family hotel zelenika is 5 minutes’ drive or 15 minutes' walk from asparuhovo beach and offers panoramic views of varna south bay and surrounding wild beaches.
the surrounding schleswig-holstein countryside is ideal for hiking, cycling and horse riding.
sans-souci is 3 km away and perrache metro, tram and train station is a 5-minute walk.
es canar is home to a famous hippy market. ibiza town is a 25-minute drive away, and the airport is 30 minutes away.
you will enjoy relaxing in the sauna and working out at the gym.
en suite bathrooms have a shower.
the 2-storey villa margarita features air-conditioned rooms equipped with tv, refrigerator and hairdryer.
bed linen, towels and final cleaning are included.
travelodge dublin phoenix park is located in castleknock, just off junction 6 of the m50 motorway, next to the phoenix park train station.
featuring classic decor, the units are fitted with carpeted flooring and hardwood furniture.
admiralty building and hermitage museum are 2.3 km away.
the apartment is 3.9 km from stary arbat street.
the on-site restaurant serves chinese food.
here you can relax under the gazebos in the private garden which is an ideal location for celebrating special occasions.
every morning a buffet breakfast is served.
rustaveli theatre is 2 km from nato`s apartment.
a business center with fax and copy services is on site.
the dothan country inn & suites by carlson is just a 15-minute drive from the wiregrass museum of art. the dothan area botanical gardens are 15.2 miles away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers in each unit.
the air-conditioned apartment is decorated with parquet floors and colourful details.
other facilities include a shared lounge, luggage storage and ironing services.
the apartments also boast a dining area.
seymour airport is a 1-hour drive from el bambu.
it features rooms with free wi-fi, tv and a private bathroom.
adams inn and suites is located in adams, wi.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning at the hotel’s top floor restaurant with panoramic city views.
rooms at the hotel canek feature functional décor and wooden furniture.
free private parking is available on site.
located in front of la malagueta beach, la casita malagueta is located in malaga city centre.
the rooms of the harnaś feature bright interiors and private balconies with views of the tatra mountains.
an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
the hotel is situated 23 km from fontainebleau and its train station.
drinks vending machines are also on the premises.
a safety deposit box is standard in each unit.
within 3.8 km shops and restaurants can be found.
the hotel has a water taxi service making regular journeys to tulcea.
the hare & hounds has a 2 aa rosette for its food.
the villages of platanias and gerani are 3 km away.
the spacious apartments provide satellite tv, a kitchen with dining area, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
lockers are available, along with an airport shuttle service.
free wi-fi and parking are available.
some units have private bathrooms, while others offer access to shared bathroom facilities.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and satellite channels.
guests can taste local specialities and a variety of international food at the several bars and cafes in the immediate surroundings.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
only a 5-minute drive from changchun railway station, tai jiu jia qi holiday hotel offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
taghazoute beach is over 25 km away.
a wellness centre and a tennis course can be found 500 metres from the bella apartments, while a golf course is 1.4 km away.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the accommodation has a tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a fridge and stovetop. every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
snacks and refreshments can also be purchased at the on-site convenience store.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a balcony and a minibar.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out palazzo venezia, 1 km away.
there is also a dining table, and a lounge area with sofas and a flat-screen tv.
batumi railway station is 6 km from eurasia hotel, while batumi international airport is 2 km away.
the bathroom includes a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
pension schloss drosedow is a great base for exploring the mecklenburg lake district.
free private parking is available on site.
all rooms in the bellevue hotel have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and offer panoramic views.
the nearest airport is ufa international airport, 21 km from apartment park yakutova.
the clean rooms consist of a clothes rack. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
featuring free wifi and a terrace with sea views, can biel is a holiday home, situated in can picafort.
a tv is featured.
whites creek lake is 5 minutes’ drive away.
the guest house is 12 km from sospel and a 20-minute drive from the italian border.
offering gorgeous night views of suruga bay, an indoor hot-spring rock bath and fresh seafood dinners, suisenkaku is a 10-minute drive from jr numazu train station.
located 1.1 km from tsunami memorial - rue tor 813 in khao lak, this holiday home features a terrace with pool views.
located in the 5th district, in pest and only 300 metres from the astoria metro station, downtown oasis offers self-catered accommodation with a free wifi available in the entire property, free maps and a washing machine.
other popular attractions include the königsallee shopping district, the rhine river and the historic alt st. martin church.
extras include a desk.
free wifi is offered .
just a few steps from the sea, villa tatuamunha is 300 metres from porto de pedras manatee sancturary.
the chalet provides a ski storage closet and there is a covered bicycle rack next to the house.
the best motorway exit to take is santo stefano di magro.
porto alegre’s salgado filho international airport is 120 km away, and parking is free.
the braşov fortress is 3.7 km from the premises.
other nearby leisure options include hiking, canoeing and fishing.
extras include garden furniture and an open terrace.
the hardap national park is 53 km away.
in-room massages can be arranged at an extra charge, and free bicycles can be borrowed from the front desk.
groceries can be delivered on request.
featuring a balcony with views on the marina, holiday home santa flavia is located in sicily a 5-minute drive from the town of santa flavia, 50 metres from the tyrrhanian sea.
at the tenuta sciacca you can choose from elegant and spacious rooms and suites, all complete with free wi-fi.
it offers free parking and air-conditioned rooms with satellite tv and free wi-fi.
there is also a private garage that fits 1 small vehicle, available from june to september.
in fine weather, you can eat on the terrace overlooking the 400-m2 garden.
the property features a pool with sea views and a terrace. free private parking is available on site.
the living room comes with a fireplace, fan and flat-screen tv.
a shared kitchenette is available and free shuttle service is provided.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive to bangkok phuket hospital and bus terminal 1 in phuket town.
the property is 50 metres from châtelet- les halles metro and rer station and 500 metres from the louvre museum.
in winter time (26.12. - 15.04. ), the rates also include transportation to the jasná ski centre and in summer the minibus is at your disposal for various activities.
located 5 minutes’ walk from carlos gardel b-line metro station, kurmis features comfortable and well ventilated rooms with wardrobes and lockers in buenos aires.
the laguna beach inn serves a daily continental breakfast, including, yogurt, pastries, muffins and oatmeal.
the private bathrooms feature a shower and bath.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
each comes with a fan and a mosquito net.
bangla road and jungceylon shopping center are just a 5-minute walk from baan tee thai.
rooms also feature tea and coffee facilities, a hairdryer and radio.
lone pine hotel also offers 24-hour room service, same-day laundry services and a souvenir shop.
free parking is possible nearby.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
sports facilities such as tennis courts, an outdoor pool and a basketball court can be found 1.5 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
offering a barbecue and views of the lake, konnyj dvor is situated in tomarovka in the belgorod region region, 28 km from belgorod.
some boast aegean sea views.
guests can sunbathe on coronado beach’s terrace which features panoramic views of the atlantic ocean.
there is a washing machine and the kitchen includes a ceramic hob, microwave and coffee maker.
they overlook the garden and the nearby forest.
the house is surrounded by a garden with a barbecue guests can use.
apartment saburova 17 is set in izhevsk, 18 km from sk chekeril.
guests can sample typical moroccan food at the property’s restaurant.
the property offers free private parking at a location nearby.
beloalter hotel is located by the waters of tapajós river and creeks, which form the green lake.
they also provide a seating area, tv, and a modern bathroom with shower.
some bars and restaurants can be found 100 metres away, while the nearest grocery store and a bakery are 800 metres from the apartment šojat.
a western breakfast is served at the dining room daily at 08:00.
apartment kop yeti is situated in the centre of kopaonik, right next to the ski slopes.
a steam room and sauna, outdoor hot tub, and state-of-the-art fitness centre are also available.
brussels airport is located 84 km away.
all guest rooms at pension hubertus have a private bathroom and a cable tv.
the apartments are in a central location of the city, a 5-minute walk from the beach, tomis mall and the many restaurants in the area.
children can enjoy the swing and the slide outdoor.
all apartments include free wi-fi.
mentioned in the white guide and awarded 1 michelin star, the in-house gourmet restaurant is run by chef karin fransson.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a refrigerator and a stove.
the kitchens have microwave, stove, fridge and barbecue.
the ozon is a great base for hiking and skiing through the kazbegi national park and the greater caucasus mountains.
all apartments have a dvd player and satellite tv, a kitchen with a microwave, and a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
you have free use of the swimming pool and wellness facilities at the hotel next door.
offering a terrace and sauna, hotel hon saroy is set in tashkent.
located in the mountain resort of białka tatrzańska, pensjonat pod kotelnicą offers accommodation with free wi-fi and private parking.
featuring free wifi, rezidentsiya vasiliya shchetinina offers pet-friendly accommodation in nikola-lenivets.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
family-style meals are served in the main dining room.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
l'ametlla de mar train station is 400 metres from the property.
the popular town of tiberias is 30 km from the property, while mount tabor is less than a 45-minute drive away.
laundry service and airport shuttle are both offered.
offering views of the surrounding countryside, it features a garden, roof terrace and barbecue facilities.
and homemade marmalade.
all accommodation at poppys has simple décor, heating, and a lounge with a tv and a sofa.
guests will find alonaki beach (odyssea's bay) and skala beach at a distance of 2 km.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
golfclub zugspitze-tirol ehrwald-lermoos is a 5-minute drive away.
the garden room, lounge and bar are charming, relaxing spaces where guests can enjoy light meals or drinks.
there is a spacious living-dining area with sofa, tv and dining table.
shared dormitories at pop corn feature come with towels and bed linen.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
rooms at ciuci's are decorated with pastel shades and traditional furniture.
3.5 km from the periyar wildlife sanctuary, ambadi offers a peaceful retreat in thekkady.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove, microwave and bbq.
oryol train station is a 15-minute drive away.
featuring free wifi, our mini-hotel offers accommodation in the centre of chaplygin. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
each air-conditioned lodge at manyatta rock camp kaw madwala has an en suite bathroom with double sink and an open-air shower.
the property is 4,9 km from amazon theatre and 8 km from eduardo gomes international airport.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
sopot is 27 km from apartament przy fontannie, while gdynia is 22 km away.
all rooms are fitted with freshly laundered beddings, a tv and a writing desk.
scopello and its beaches are a 10-minute drive away.
the well-equipped kitchen comes with a stove, microwave oven and barbecue facilities.
yimi inn sanyuanli metro station branch has a 24-hour front desk offering free luggage storage.
this modern resort is located only minutes away from campana hill national park and offers wide garden areas and terraces in olmué.
elegant, welcoming and thoroughly soundproofed, imperial hotel occupies a modern building with fitness facilities, a wellness centre and conference halls near the centre of bologna, easily reached from the motorway.
it boasts panoramic views of the langeberg mountains and marloth nature reserve is 1 km away.
the hostel also offers bike hire, car hire and a tour and activities desk.
the nearest airport is gabala international airport, 90 km from guesthouse ilisu.
a tv is available.
the apartment is 1.5 km from cathedral of christ the saviour.
opening to a furnished balcony and patio, the house of agathi has 2 separate bedrooms, a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with dining area.
rooms at the radisson blu madrid prado are fully air conditioned and soundproofed.
fohnsdorf and the therme aqualux thermal bath are 20 km from the wolfingerhof.
a continental breakfast is included in the rate and served in the garden or under the covered patio of the main house.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
a washing machine and tumble dryer are available for your comfort during longer stays.
the rooms have a flat-screen tv.
stephans albergo offers free wi-fi.
rooms at the hotel sarabia have simple modern décor with touches of bold colour.
a work desk is also provided in each room.
the guest house also offers car hire.
breakfast can be eaten in the dining room or the charming conservatory.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada paraiso is located 5000 metres from bonito's natural aquarium and 20 minutes' drive from blue lake cave.
the property offers a restaurant and a bar, serving traditional dishes of the region.
situated in the bang rak district in bangkok, 1.3 km from patpong, the backpack hostel boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
the olive restaurant serves international and typical cuisine.
the family-managed hotel sydney is located on the seafront in san benedetto del tronto, along the riviera delle palme.
bergamo orio al serio airport can be reached in 12 minutes by car.
a toboggan run is just 100 metres away and free private parking is possible on site.
on-site at the hilton garden inn schaumburg, guests can enjoy starting the day with breakfast at the garden grille restaurant or with a workout in the modern fitness centre.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
an outdoor pool is on site for guests to enjoy as well as a business centre with computers and copy and fax services.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out bushi lake that is 5 km, the lions point and the monkey point that are 7 km and the dukes nose and the karla caves that are 10 km.
at top old city vilnius apartments guests can prepare meals in the privacy of their apartment.
each apartment features a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
situated within the lush okavango delta, surrounded by african landscapes and bushveld, the rustic mapula lodge is a small camp offering a restaurant, bar and outdoor pool.
located in maron, le marsonnet is 14 km from châlons-sur-marne and 13 km from l’épine.
at le relais des sites, a continental breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge.
yue-xiang palace chinese restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes.
this cosy holiday home has air conditioning, heating, fully equipped kitchen facilities and a fireplace.
metz inside is a self-catering accommodation located in metz, just a 10-minute walk from metz train station.
all of them have private bathrooms.
a public pool can be found in the centre of heiligenblut and another one in großkirchheim, which is a 15-minute drive away.
the rooms at penzion myslivna await guests with satellite tv, a seating area and a fridge.
it features free wifi, air conditioning, a tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 3 km from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
free private parking is possible on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a bathtub is provided in the bathroom.
the bright rooms are well-lit and simply decorated.
a tv with cable channels, an iron and a minibar are included in the air-conditioned rooms.
there are also free parking spaces and an underground garage available for guests.
the beach is 200 metres away.
to make the most of the peaceful surroundings, guests can take a 14-minute drive to lough key forest and activity park. for something a little closer to home, a 5-minute drive will bring guests to a variety of quaint shops, the dock theatre.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a toaster and there is a private bathroom.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a spacious private patio.
each room here will provide you with a minibar, tv with cable channels, air conditioning and safety deposit box.
car rental services are available on site.
cable tv and telephone are standard in all rooms.
just 3 minutes' stroll away from loushanguan underground station (line 2), new space-time ruili hotel boasts wel equipped guestrooms.
national archaeological museum is 200 metres from apartamento plaza de la font, while roman circus is 200 metres away.
the property is 2 km from the beach in chłopy.
villa daskalovi offers pet-friendly accommodation in balchik.
just 200 metres from the circuit de catalunya race track, ibis montmeló granollers is a 30-minute drive from barcelona.
a small gym with floor-to-ceiling mirrors is available at the weston holiday inn express hotel & suites.
it takes 1 hour to drive to shenyang taoxian international airport.
wroclaw – copernicus airport is 88 km away.
all rooms have access to a communal kitchenette.
room service is available.
naxos chora is 5 km from the property. naxos airport is 4 km away.
consulting rooms of the spa physicians can be found in the close-by sister hotel as well.
located 400 metres from ski lift veysonnaz - thyon, apartment beaulieu r212-7 offers pet-friendly accommodation in veysonnaz.
girona is 34 km from apartment blanes ii, while tossa de mar is 13 km away.
the well-equipped guestrooms feature air conditioning and comfortable seating areas with sofas.
la casa del rio offers rustic guestrooms with fireplace.
other facilities at house near the sea include a terrace.
room service is available.
guests can benefit from the hotel’s laundry and ironing services.
you will find a kettle in the room. every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
it offers a sauna, a hot tub with panoramic views and a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture.
in addition to standard amenities, all guest rooms come with microwaves, refrigerators, coffee makers, hair dryers, irons, ironing boards and cable television with hbo.
each room at the blue horizon hotel includes a flat-screen tv, refrigerator and coffee-making facilities.
sepilok jungle resort is 11 km away from the sandakan airport.
the nearest airport is seymour airport, 33 km from the finch house (la casa del pinzón).
featuring a balcony with city and mountain view, each air-conditioned room comes with a desk, a fridge and a microwave.
the on-site wellness centre offers a hot tub for free and a sauna for surcharge.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including snorkeling.
gaudí’s casa batlló and la pedrera are within 15 minutes’ walk of the property.
restaurants, bars and grocery shops are all within 50 metres from forte mare apartments. a green grocer's can be found at a distance of 150 metres.
apartmani emilijana is a self-catering accommodation located in zadar.
the main bus station and train station of selcuk are both within 500 metres. ephesus airport is 2.6 km away.
the air-conditioned rooms feature cable tv and a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, bundaku homestay offers accommodation in amed, 48 km from ubud.
located just 2 km from powai lake and 7 km from chattrapati international airport, hotel tulip residency operates a 24-hour front desk.
a daily newspaper and magazines can be downloaded for free in the hotel's own app.
staff at the guest house can provide information about the city and la rioja region.
simferopol train station is 52.4 km away, and simferopol international airport is 50.3 km from morskoy da vasko hotel.
alternatively, explore the beautiful attractions of jaipur with help from the tour desk.
landeck train station is 25 km, and innsbruck airport is 100 km away.
free wifi is available and garage parking is possible at a surcharge.
günzburg train station is 4 km away and the a8 motorway is 3 minutes by car.
it offers bed and breakfast accommodation and free wifi in public areas.
bathrooms feature free toiletries, a shower and underfloor heating.
at bugry beach house inn you will find a garden, a terrace and a bar. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
each room has cable tv, a small seating area, and a safety deposit box.
offering an outdoor pool and terrace, millennium plaza doha is perfectly positioned in doha’s busy business district in al sadd and there is quick and easy access to doha’s most interesting landmarks. the hotel has a spa centre and hot tub, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
sigiri home stay is located just 5.7 km from the sigiriya town.
the comfortable bar offers a selection of beverages and snacks, and the restaurant serves a varied menu, with special offers available.
situated in pushkino, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi and a balcony.
other facilities at villa sogno 117994-104181 include a barbecue.
rooms have a flat-screen tv.
all of them are equipped with a satellite tv and floor heating.
hearty farmhouse breakfasts are served every morning, made with local ingredients including butcher’s bacon and sausages, free-range organic eggs, and homemade brown bread.
for guests’ convenience, a flat-screen tv, dvd player and an ipod docking station are available.
located 100 metres from cvjetni square in zagreb, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 200 metres from archaeological museum zagreb.
ibiza cathedral is 1.2 km from the property, and the famous pacha nightclub is less than 2 km away.
added convenience is provided by a personal chauffeur.
shower facilities and free bath amenities are included in the en suite bathroom.
the friendly staff at downtown apartments is always happy to help you with information or special requests.
yoga mats and cushions are provided at the balconies and common areas for your convenience.
set in the pretty village of kempsey, the walter de cantelupe inn offers individually decorated, stylish rooms.
the studio also offers a terrace overlooking the sea.
havnevej rømø vi is a six person apartment located in rømø kirkeby.
rasa homestay also includes a sauna and fitness centre.
ha long sails passes by burn of incense and fighting cock island.
guests can cook in the kitchen, equipped with fridge, stove, dishwasher, toaster, electric kettle and microwave, or eat out in the cafés and restaurants nearby.
they are furnished with coffee facilities and a minibar.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
fitted with wooden floors, all air-conditioned rooms feature traditional portuguese décor.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 24 km away.
featuring a large garden with barbecue facilities, el albatros offers pet-friendly accommodation in cabo polonio.
every room also comes with a private bathroom fitted with bath or shower.
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange a shuttle transfer to the nearby tennis court.
the bathroom includes bathrobes and slippers.
the air-conditioned apartment has 2 bedrooms and a living-dining area with cable tv.
the woodbridge center mall is 9 minutes' drive from the fairfield inn & suites woodbridge.
located in tbilisi, 1.7 km from freedom square, nameless hotel boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property.
novorossiysk is 30 km from guest house na rybatskom, while vityazevo is 25 km from the property.
the accommodation units include air-conditioning, a balcony and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
a shuttle service to bologna city and train station is available on request.
flora hotel suites provides a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage and a safety deposit box.
a casino and the bad gastein train station are within a range of 10 walking minutes from the property.
the kyriad’s restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
palma cathedral and the port are a 10-minute walk.
the kitchen is equipped with 4 hotplates, dishwasher and oven.
the 5-bedroom holiday home also comes with a terrace, offering panoramic views of the surroundings, a well-equipped kitchen and a seating area with a sofa, a fireplace and a flat-screen tv.
bed linen is provided.
on-site parking is included at no extra cost.
set around a bright interior courtyard, rooms at hotel molino de saydo have traditional spanish décor.
the nearest airport is riga international airport, 22 km from silmali.
haus erika is centrally located in bad gastein, a 5-minute walk from the felsentherme thermal spa and the stubnerkogel cable car.
renovated in 2010, the stylish kolštejn hotel offers the largest array of wellness facilities in northern moravia. the proskil ski resort lies 800 metres away.
a japanese set menu is served for breakfast.
located on the beachfront of costa del sol beaches, casa 11 holiday home offers an outdoor pool and terrace with a sea view.
the hotel offers free wi-fi access at all areas.
guests benefit from balcony.
you will find a variety of restaurants and shops in the vicinity.
all rooms have simple furniture and are decorated in warm colours.
well connected by public transport, the apartments are just 4 km from old jaffa and 10 minutes’ drive from hayarkon park.
from may until october, the millstaettersee card is included in the rate.
a daily hot breakfast is served at this property, and guests are invited to attend a complimentary evening social.
nearby hiking trails include the rheinsteig and the rhein-burgen-weg (rhine castles trail).
it features an outdoor pool, a living area with a fireplace, and a garden.
lisbon international airport is 42 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
situated within a short 5-minute drive from the funchal city centre, the pico música apartment is a self-catering unit in madeira.
parking is free at the park hotel.
in-room dining is possible with room service.
apartments central market is a self-catering accommodation located in novosibirsk.
there is a public beach of fine sand 300 metres away and a small rocky beach (at low tide) just below the residence.
guests can enjoy a panoramic view of the city at daniel’s terrace.
rooms come with a tv and minibar, while the modern bathrooms include a hairdryer.
guests at baglio poma will find bbq facilities.
set 6 km from saturnia thermal baths, l'orologio e la lanterna apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in montemerano. the property features views of the city and is 5 km from cascate del mulino thermal springs.
the popular tongyeong port and nammangsan sculpture park are each a 5-minute drive.
all units include a seating and dining area.
royal albert hall is 1.5 km from magic apartments - bayswater.
surrounded by the high tatras national park and set only 2.5 km from the stary smokovec, penzion petko offers accommodation with free wifi, free private parking, a common dining room for 10 people with a kitchen, a garden with barbecue facilities and a table tennis.
the guest rooms are decorated with brown accents.
offering mountain views, elegant rooms and suites are furnished with air conditioning, a wardrobe, in-room safe, a flat-screen cable tv and seating area. electric kettle, refrigerator and minibar are also included.
located on the doorstep of northumberland national park, newcastle house offers countryside bed and breakfast accommodation in rothbury.
galeao international airport is a 40-minute drive away.
the guest house is 2.2 km from amsterdam central station and 1.3 km from dam square.
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
the hotel offers an à la carte restaurant and air-conditioned rooms. free wifi and a 24-hour front desk is available at the property.
it features barbecue facilities in its lush garden.
guests can enjoy city view from the apartment.
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
the attached bathroom comes with shower facility, towels, a spray bidet and free toiletries.
the donovaly ski area is situated 11km away and the skifun liptovske revuce ski area can be reached within 7 km.
it offers room service, restaurant, bar and free private parking.
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
a private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
apartment at the tyrol landhaus have a south-east facing balcony with mountain views, a kitchenette, seating area, satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.
valet parking and free wifi are available as well.
a breakfast buffet is served in the dining area.
towering over the beautiful lake plastira, the 4-star naiades hotel resort & conference offers elegant rooms with breathtaking views of the lake. a fitness room, hot tub and sauna facilities are available on site.
the property offers free private parking in the building's garage.
free wifi is provided .
black rock traditional rooms offers accommodation in the traditional settlement of emporio.
every room includes a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the property is approximately 13.3 km from suria klcc and the famous petronas twin towers. kuala lumpur international airport is located 33 km away.
the rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower. a flat-screen tv is provided.
some rooms are located in the annex building.
traditional morrocan cuisine and cooking courses are available.
a mini market can be found within a short walking distance from the property. tsogkas is 24 km from both igoumenitsa port and the picturesque parga town.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
piples bungalow is conveniently situated within 1 km from unawatuna railway station. the iconic galle fort is 5 km away, while colombo city is approximately 125 km away.
scenically located 3 km from the historic town of monschau, ferienwohnung peters offers spacious apartments with a furnished terrace, large garden, and free wifi.
pousada das araras is enclosed in a beautiful green area and offers practical accommodation with free wi-fi.
located in central bandung, mutiara hotel is 800 metres from braga city walk.
the units are located in 2 house by the sea.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi-fi access is provided in the studio.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
pike place market and pioneer square are within 10 minutes’ drive away from this motel.
rialto hotel overlooks grado's seaside and the lagoon from the rooftop terrace.
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport, 48 km from the property.
you can store your bicycles and surf storage for free.
a daily continental breakfast is provided.
the maritime alps natural park can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
a tv is offered.
taiping international airport is about 50 minutes' drive away.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a terrace, as well as a kitchenette and 2 bathrooms. extras include a barbecue, a fireplace and an outdoor seating area.
set by the river teiro, the property still preserves the original mill and has a restaurant serving regional cuisine.
siberia tiger park is 6 km away. saint sophia cathedral is 12 km from warm guest house harbin limin road. harbin railway station is 18 km away.
it consists of a living room with sofa and tv, and a kitchen with dining table and oven with cooking hobs. a washing machine is available.
the nearest airport is alicante airport, 79 km from the property.
nearby leisure activities includes 12 islands boat tours, fishing tours and hiking.
best western star champs elysées welcomes you 24/7 with multilingual staff.
guests at hostal jardin del sol can inquire about hiking or biking excursions to lake chungará national park or parinacota volcano.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
it is surrounded by many restaurants, bars and cafés.
cerklje is the nearest bigger village, 7 km away, and features restaurants, bars and grocery stores.
fitted with air conditioning and carpeted flooring, all rooms are equipped with a cable tv and minibar.
facilities available at nawaday hotel include a 24-hour front desk, laundry services and a tour desk to arrange sightseeing trips.
there is a full kitchen with a fridge, oven and stovetop.
gästehaus gerti is 350 metres from kiefersfelden train station, and it is a 2-minute drive to the a12 motorway.
it offers a speciality seafood restaurant and a garden terrace with a heated pool and sun loungers.
set 450 metres from vale aurelia metro and train station, apartment valle aurelia offers self-catering accommodation in rome.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a cable tv, personal safe and coffee/tea maker.
free parking is available.
bari cathedral is just 1 km from the romeo pensione hotel, and the harbour is a 12-minute walk away.
free parking spaces are available 20 metres away.
a few minutes' walk from the main tourist attractions, the air-conditioned aboriginal budapest apartments are easily reachable by public transport and offer free wifi.
sibiu international airport and the centre of sibiu are 30 km away.
the econo motel goelzer offers a large and comfortable lounge with an internet terminal, telephone and a children’s terminal, and drinks are available to buy.
villa fanadix offers an outdoor pool, an artificial lawn area and a barbecue.
the restaurant offers buffet and à la carte selections.
the baymont inn features a 24-hour indoor pool, 24-hour on-site gym, and spacious rooms with flat-screen tvs.
free wifi access and a 24-hour front desk are available in this homestay.
saint-jean-de-luz train station is 10 km from the property and biarritz is 20 km away.
a breakfast tray of pre-packaged fruit juice and pastries is delivered daily to your room.
it features self-catering accommodation with a balcony overlooking the pool.
for meals, there are a lot of dining choices located nearby.
around-the-clock front desk service is offered and the staff arranged airport shuttle services at an additional fee.
just a 5-minute ride from the bus terminal, la casa de pitty offers accommodations in máncora.
free parking is available for cars and bicycles.
the penthouse has its own private plunge pool.
the royal ascot hotel is a 7-minute drive from the popular sheikh zayed road and a 5-minute drive from dubai museum.
seven village also includes a barbecue.
the restaurant specialises in regional cuisine.
this family-run hotel offers attractive en-suite accommodation in the centre of dalbeattie, on scotland's beautiful solway coast in kirkcudbrightshire.
cooled with a fan, all rooms feature a private terrace with garden views and a seating area.
all rooms have fans, a heater and a fridge.
the private bathroom comes with shower; and bed linen and towels are provided.
haus nordstrand vereinsallee 21 apartments feature brightly decorated interiors.
all rooms are heated and have tiled floors, a tv and wardrobe.
parking is possible off site with reservation and for an extra fee.
on the peaceful mountains of santo antônio do pinhal, la villa del valle offers panoramic views and chalets with fireplace and patio.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, hôtel "u pozzu" is located in evisa.
rooms are fitted with a safe deposit box, electric kettle and minibar.
they come with a seating area, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a minibar.
hotel guadalajara plaza ejecutivo lopez mateos ideally places guests only 3 blocks from the plaza del sol shopping center. historical monuments, including guadalajara cathedral are also only a short distance away.
just a short walk from new delhi railway station, hotel geeson is 1 km from heritage wholesale markets chandni chowk and sadar bazar.
rooms include a private bathroom.
hot beverages can be ordered at the coffee shop.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
each comes with a tv and a private bathroom with shower.
this apartment hotel offers luxurious facilities in the heart of dubai, just a 5-minute drive from dubai international airport.
bedrooms are spacious and light, some have vaulted ceilings.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including diving, cycling and canoeing.
offering a private beach area and a swimming pool, ananthaya beach is located on rekewa beach in tangalle and provides 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests. free wifi access is available in the public areas of this resort.
guests can enjoy a variety of non-motorised water sports activities by the beach.
each room offers a balcony.
free wi-fi is provided in the entire property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including billiards and darts.
the nearest shops and restaurants are within a 5-minute walk from the property.
a wide range of water sports including diving, fishing and windsurfing are available at taj exotica.
you will find shops at the property.
liverpool lime street station is 1.5 miles away, while liverpool central can be reached in 15 minutes by foot.
situated in belgrade city and the st. sava temple reachable within 4 km, cricket apartment offers a self-catered accommodation with an air-conditioning, a terrace and a balcony.
hotel cicerone offers free parking, a restaurant and simply furnished rooms with tv and private bathroom.
featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
gran marina suites is located in las palmas de gran canaria, 900 metres from parque de santa catalina.
you can easily discover much of sardinia’s natural beauty in the many surrounding archaeological sites.
from the property, moscow zoo is 41 minutes' drive away and sheremetyevo international airport is 27 km away.
guests can also play billiards and table tennis.
in addition, the apartment offers a tv, a seating area and a full kitchen with a coffee machine.
at la presidenta you will find a 24-hour front desk.
the rustic rooms feature a flat-screen satellite tv, a seating area and a bathroom with a shower.
the air-conditioned rooms at the falkensteiner margareten are furnished in a modern biedermeier style and come with a flat-screen cable tv, a minibar, and a bathroom.
assos beach is 300 metres away.
it is located on the hotel's side of the city, which allows for easier access to the airport.
rooms here will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a dvd player.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi access and flat-screen tvs.
the lively centre of naousa is a 10-minute walk away.
la volta apartments are set in a quiet area, 15 minutes' walk from a shopping centre with cafés and a supermarket.
alternatively, there are food courts around the hotel, as well as a famous restaurant serving asian, western and seafood dishes about 120 metres away.
in addition, they provide white linens and towels and some rooms offer a small seating area.
set 2 km from the centre of porto cesareo, hotel tabù offers free wifi and mediterranean-style rooms with air conditioning.
the nearest airport is roshchino international airport, 9 km from hostel mors.
the property also has a business centre and a tour desk that can assist with business and travel arrangements.
private rooms have a private bathroom, while the bathroom for the dormitories is shared.
pensjonat szlachecki is located in the centre of karwia, 13 km from władysławowo and its railway station.
guests can reach the beach in just a 3-minute walk, while marina vallarta golf club is a 5-minute drive away.
the pondicherry railway station and the pondicherry bus station are 6 km and the chennai international airport is 160 km.
fascene airport is 15 km away.
this popular resort area in guadeloupe offers a range of dining options, including many restaurants located within 50 metres of karaibes residence.
just a 15-minute walk from place de bellecour, appartements hôtel de ville - lyon cocoon features self-catering apartments, close to place des terreaux.
breakfast is offered daily in the dining area or in the guests’ rooms.
the centre of rawlins, with many shopping and dining options, is 3 km from the property.
punta ballena is 4 km away and glamorous punta del este with its many entertainment venues is 5 km away.
the spacious kitchen includes a ceramic hob, oven, and microwave, as well as a coffee maker, juicer and toaster.
itaewon hostel is situated a 5-minute walk from itaewon special tourist zone and itaewon station line 6.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured.
a tv is provided.
the full kitchen includes a refrigerator and kitchenware.
free parking is available.
each of the 3 bedrooms at chalet hinterdorf features an en-suite bathroom.
guests can enjoy fresh local produce and speciality wines in the restaurant.
guests enjoy free use of a shared lounge and kitchen.
halldis apartments – marais bas area is a collection of independent apartments located not far from the picasso museum, the hotel de ville, notre dame, the isle saint louis, the centre pompidou and place des vosges. most of the buildings in this district are very old. it partly explains the very small streets.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven.
the nearest airport is marseille provence airport, 20 km from les ô.
les patios du marais offers elegant-style studios and a floral patio.
a flat-screen tv is available.
during the high season, guests will be able to enjoy homemade food in the on-site restaurant for dinner.
located a 10-minute drive from sanya bus station, sanya lv jia apartment - hai an ming du is a 15-minute drive from sanya railway station.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
an en suite bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven and there is a private bathroom.
the centre of reith is a 5-minute walk away and the guest house features ski-to-door access.
free private parking is available near the hotel.
it features a lush garden and free wi-fi throughout the premises.
located 10 minutes’ walk away from san francisco’s japantown, luxury penthouse next to japantown boasts a fully equipped kitchen complete with kitchenware.
castleton hotel is in close proximity to the main shopping areas of oxford street, regent street and bond street. the hotel is located on a tranquil street in london's lancaster gate.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the self-catering strandruh apartments.
the villas are equipped with a kitchen and a dining area.
the u6 line travels to munich city centre from here in just 20 minutes.
the como at home apartment is bright with parquet floors, and includes 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room with kitchen.
the comfy couch and cushions in oporto excentric's lounge offer a cosy setting to watch some flat-screen tv. there is also a communal kitchen with a dining area.
each home has a private screened-in pool with sun terrace.
guests can savour a variety of dishes at the à la carte restaurant or sample from the rich buffet restaurant.
at apartments casa vita you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
free parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 23 km from room on volgogradskaya.
sheremetyevo international airport is a 35-minute ride with aeroexpress train from belorussky train station, which is a 10-minute metro ride from friendhouse hostel.
a library and laundry service is available.
stainbank nature reserve is 11 km from the meritus, while kings park athletics stadium is 11 km from the property.
it features an outdoor swimming pool in its beautiful one-hectare park.
apartamentos rurales matagacha is set within a natural setting in villaviciosa, 25 km from avila.
all units are also fitted with a tv, desk and private bathroom with shower.
boasting dishes such as baked polenta and portobello and lamb osso buco, this restaurant includes an extensive wine list.
free wifi access is available in this resort.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 13 km from apartment novo-aleksandrovskaya.
rooms are equipped with flat-screen cable tv and are decorated in soothing earth tones.
lixnostatis folk museum is 2.4 km from cosmopolis crete suites.
santo stino di livenza station is a 25-minute drive from the property.
a water tram travelling to the hel peninsula stops just 800 metres from the kantal apartamenty sea towers.
located in the heart of rio de janiero, this relaçao 604 apartment is 6 minutes’ walk from the catedral metropolitana de são sebastião.
guests can taste local specialities and typical italian dishes at the cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings.
offering a restaurant, hotel costa del sol is located in fusagasuga.
you will find a kettle in the room.
a freshly cooked breakfast is served each morning, with lighter options also available.
all dinastia’s rooms are fitted with free wifi and a tv with access to a variety of cable channels.
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free wifi access is provided.
bahnhofsquartier is an ideal base for visiting the therme bad wilsnack thermal baths, just 200 metres away.
it offers comfortable rooms with free wi-fi access.
located in kasane and overlooking the chobe river, the old house offers an outdoor pool, garden and a restaurant.
placed directly on virginia beach, steps from the famous boardwalk, this hotel offers spacious suites with convenient amenities as well as a free deluxe continental breakfast.
situated 2 km from olymp entertainment park in gelendzhik, this apartment features a balcony.
the hotel is close to the rn13 main road and to the shopping centre.
sanibel island is 10 miles away.
at north salem country house you will find barbecue facilities.
luxemon xinjiang yindu hotel is a 10-minute drive from hong shan.
the museumsquartier metro stop is 200 metres away.
organic items are served every morning for breakfast, which includes sweet food and drinks.
a private bathroom with a hairdryer is also provided.
the nearest airport is siem reap - angkor international airport, 7 km from day star hostel.
b&b de rentmeesterhoeve is ideally located for guest who like to walk, cycle or enjoy the nature.
it also provides a buffet breakfast daily.
located on ground floor, this apartment features an outdoor dining area, a seating area and a flat-screen tv. it has a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
all rooms, studios and suites at the rainbow apartments have air conditioning and private bathrooms.
the modern bathrooms have bath or shower.
the carlton hotel - zhonghua is located in hsinchu, a 4-minute drive from hsinchu train station.
a rich buffet breakfast is available every day.
set in a former winery, il palmento relais offers free wi-fi throughout, free private parking and air-conditioned rooms.
spa and wellness facilities, massages and a fitness centre are available for a surcharge.
some rooms have a private bathroom, while other rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
metropol parasol, the concrete, steel and timber structure covering plaza de la encarnación is a 10-minute walk away.
set in a completely restored 18th-century farmhouse, this b&b features a flowered garden with a pond and a living room with books and tv. free private parking is available on site.
the mgarr ferry terminal is a 15-minute drive away and provides links to mainland malta.
the air-conditioned rooms feature a tv and a fridge.
with its central yet quiet location in nalles, family-run hotel mehrhauser features a garden-side pool, fitness centre and a restaurant with wine cellar.
activities in the surrounding area include a range of hiking trails, as well as canoeing.
many shops, restaurants and bars are within walking distance.
the house features a living room and a dining area.
rooms at the al prato all come with wooden floors and a shared bathroom.the property is 2.5 km from padua train station, while venice is 40 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet.
all rooms come with a dining area. they have cable tv, a fridge and a work desk. the en suite bathroom is equipped with toiletries.
guests can relax in marian house’s large sitting room, and make use of the fridge/freezer and free tea and coffee in the kitchen.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave, fridge and stovetop.
some offer a spacious seating area in traditional tyrolean style.
sneek is 41 km away.
the hostel is located a 2-minute walk from the 104, 167 and x7 bus stop.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
free wifi is available throughout.
located on madrid’s puerta del sol, hostal ana belen offers air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv and private balcony.
there is an electric kettle, as well as complimentary tea and coffee.
many activities can be organised for guests including excursions by bike or horse and wine tasting courses.
sanki sliding center is 3.1 km from apartment gory, while ski complex rosa khutor is 3.8 km away.
a daily buffet breakfast is served at the restaurant on 8th floor, while orchid restaurant serves a variety of chaozhou cuisine.
eskilstuna river provides nice fishing opportunities from a jetty, 500 metres away.
the b&b is conveniently located in an area full of shops, restaurants and banks, and it is a 10-minute drive from the marina.
it offers massage services, tour arrangements, and free wi-fi.
ugento is a 20-minute drive from the property.
within 13 km, you can visit the seaside village of sidari, while the scenic bay of paliokastritsa is at 27 km.
each room comes with a seating area and en-suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
shuttle services are available for a surcharge.
jr shinonoi train station is a 15-minute drive away.
this all-inclusive hotel offers all meals buffet style.
bluesky hotel & resort is situated in yangshuo in the guangxi region, 2.5 km from yangshuo west street.
canoga hotel at warner center is 2 miles from pierce college.
certain rooms feature a view of the garden or a fireplace.
at o'haire motor inn you will find a fitness centre. other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a business centre and a 24-hour reception.
horseback riding, hunting and farm wagon riding facilities are all within 2 km.
popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing.
royal łazienki park is 3.5 km from a&a apartments business point, while lazienki palace is 3.7 km from the property.
the house features a flat-screen cable tv, a dvd player, a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, a seating area and 2 bathrooms with shower and free toiletries.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a phone and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
situated in the mountain village of pinakates, ta xelidonakia is a stone-built property offering traditional rooms with fireplace.
the washington monument is 27.1 miles away.
all apartments and studios have a terrace, private bathroom with a bath tub, and a kitchen with a fridge, microwave and oven.
nasu highland park is a 5-minute drive, and jr kuroiso train station is a 40-minute drive away.
each room in achtis hotel is air-conditioned and includes a refrigerator, satellite tv, and free access to the internet.
guests can cook in the kitchen, equipped with a fridge, stove, microwave and electric kettle, or eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
the village inn leavenworth’s wine bar offers flights and wine pairing experiences.
istanbul ataturk airport is 16 km from the property.
the villa boasts 4 air-conditioned bedrooms and a professional-style kitchen. it has spacious outdoor living and dining areas and a large indoor living-dining room with air conditioning.
it is an 8-minute walk from bad steben train station.
they include a tea/coffee maker and ironing facilities.
close to edersee lake beach and sailing school, this hotel is located between edertal-hemfurth and bringhausen.
you will find a grocery store a short walk away, open every day except saturdays.
the units include a living room with a sofa bed and a tv, and the bedrooms are elegantly decorated.
there is also a buffet restaurant and a bar.
pension jodlbauer is located in the quiet region of schöllnach, on foot of the mountain brotjacklriegel, offering panoramic views.
this former brewery is located in buttenheim, on the edge of the franconian switzerland region.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
the golconda fort is 38 km away.
located in a historic residential building, soggiorno pitti is right in front of the former royal palace of florence.
the palau de la música catalana is a short walk away and the charming born district is within 1 km of the hotel.
sultan abdul aziz shah airport is 12 km from the property.
this is also a relaxing setting for an afternoon coffee or a romantic, sunset drink.
it provides comfortable rooms equipped with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
city comfort inn baiyun xinshi branch offers cosy, relaxing guestrooms. both free wifi and free parking are available here.
waverley corporate townhouses are within a 5-minute walk of both the glen shopping centre and century city entertainment complex.
the bathroom is private, has a shower and offers free toiletries.
there are many bars and restaurants in the immediate area around the apartments.
the distance to scuol is 27 km.
you can walk through the vrachelse heath or cycle the historic oosterhout route. and cycle along oosterhouts heritage.
the bed and breakfast is 2.3 km from stellenbosch university, 3.1 km from oom samie se winkel and 5.5 km from jonkershoek nature reserve.
owners can also arrange fishing trips, as well as guided tours of several destinations in montenegro.
dallas road is 15 minutes' walk away.
all of the rooms have their own tv, remote-controlled air conditioning and heating, telephone, shower, toilet and are equipped with the wi-fi system.
nearby you can engage in various activities, such as cycling.
free parking is available.
the apartments also have a kitchenette and a dining area.
guests can have a drink and a chat in the accommodation's cafe the shuffle.
the private bathrooms come with a bathtub and hairdryer, and some rooms have a seating area.
a popular fishing spot, the odense river is within 500 metres.
surrounded by meadows, 1 km from the centre of wenns, sonnberghof offers accommodation in wenns. sonnberghof boasts views of the mountains and the pitzpark natural swimming pond is within 1 km, while the hochzeiger ski area is 11 km away.
offering mountain views, rooms at the torrente rosandra b&b have parquet floors, a hairdryer, free toiletries and slippers.
the rooms have a flat-screen tv.
ironing facilities are included in each air-conditioned room, and a fridge and microwave are available upon request.
the staff at the central office is available 24 hours a day.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a laptop are available.
the town centre is 500 metres from the guest house, the aquacentrum jičín is 1 km away and the golf club jičín is 2 km from the property.
featuring a private terrace with sun loungers, casa gusber is located 3 km from el paso.
staff at ih hotels firenze business can provide tips on how to move in and around florence.
free wi-fi access is provided in the restaurant and on the terrace.
the accommodation will provide you with a splendid lake view, a private bathroom with shower and cable tv.
each air-conditioned room at the premier inn london wembley park offers a private bathroom with a shower, bath, and a hairdryer.
the property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from omni centre.
arendsweg tram station is 800 metres from berlin@home, providing easy access to all of berlin’s sights.
rooms are clean and comfortable and offer views of the sea, victoria harbour and the cityscape.
there are 30 beautifully appointed and individually decorated rooms of 3 varying standards.
a range of restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 200 metres of the hotel.
a playroom for children is available.
room service is available 24/7.
other facilities at apartment oba include a sauna and fitness centre.
bathrooms and toilets are shared.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv.
guests can sing at the karaoke, or laze in the hot tub.
the accommodation comprises a terrace.
complimentary private parking is provided on site.
the marmara serves buffet breakfast in its main restaurant.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
the hotel bar provides a relaxing environment to unwind with a drink after a day exploring central london.
at le chalet you will find a small tropical garden and terrace area with table and chairs.
buses to merano and bolzano stop just 100 metres away.
free wifi is available throughout the property and a complimentary breakfast is served daily.
a free swimming pool and free private parking are offered on site.
on arrival, guests will find a cooking pack including salt, pepper and oil.
some units have views of the sea or city.
inka frog exclusive bed & breakfast is located in miraflores, 2 km from makaha beach and from the scenic costa verde beach circuit.
it offers free wi-fi and free access to a tv lounge and 2 communal kitchens.
de palma hotel ampang is 6 km from ampang recreational forest and 7 km from the shopping and entertainment district of bukit bintang and kuala lumpur convention centre (klcc).
a continental breakfast is served from 08:30 to 10:00 and includes freshly made pastries.
offering a tennis court and summer swimming pool, residence pian dei boschi is set in pietra ligure.
towels are available.
the silistar beach is 6 km away.
the property features a large garden.
featuring beamed ceilings and modern decorations, this house has outdoor bbq facilities, equipped kitchen, and an outdoor dining area.
the hostel offers beds in air- conditioned and heated rooms, private lockers, and access to shared bathroom facilities, including a shower.
set 13 km from mariinsky theatre in saint petersburg, this apartment features free wifi and a balcony. the apartment is 13 km from state russian museum.
an atm/cash machine is also available on-site.
all rooms at the büyük samsun are carpeted and air conditioned.
added conveniences like access to copy and fax services are sure to please business travelers.
the property offers free parking.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, luggage storage, and laundry facilities.
rooms are modern and air conditioned and each comes with an lcd satellite tv and private bathroom.
set in a former farmhouse, hôtel auberge du combaïre is located in the heart of aubrac.
a free internet terminal is provided in the azov’s lobby.
all apartments have a fully equipped kitchen with kitchenware, a dishwasher and a microwave.
the slide & splash water park is 6.8 km away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
budva is 32 km from the property.
guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at kanpura coffee bar.
the bar serves refreshing drinks.
free wifi is available .
essen’s main train station is 5 minutes away by underground.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a fridge.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
located in the heart of des moines, this iowa hotel boasts a 6000 square foot fitness centre and a spa.
with an onsite restaurant, guests can enjoy irish specialities made of locally sourced ingredients.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out sugar loaf (2.5 km) and dorival caymmi statue (2.8 km).
some rooms offer views of the tyrrhenian sea.
a garden with plants and trees is available.
amami rental car is located across the street from the property, from which guests can drive to the ohama seaside park in 10 minutes or to the mangrove park in 30 minutes.
the nearest airport is girona-costa brava airport, 54 km from the country house.
located in flintsbach, this apartment features a terrace. the unit is 37 km from kitzbühel.
you can enjoy sea and city view from the room.
the nearest airport izmir adnan menderes airport is 28 km from fuar palas hotel.
located just 100 metres from the bustling ameerpet area, the crown hotel operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours.
room service is also provided.
you will find a gift shop at the property.
guests can reach dorney lake after a 15-minute drive and london heathrow airport is located just less than 11 miles from the property.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
aero hotel is located in omsk, 1-minute walk from omsk international airport.
guests enjoy free breakfast every morning, with vegan options available upon request.
in ozone night club guests can sip on a cocktail while admiring the stunning sea view.
the family-run studios alexandros is quietly located amidst lush vineyards and a garden with bbq facilities.
the nearest bus station is only 200 metres from the hotel.
the simple rooms offer garden views, tiled floors, and a private bathroom with a shower.
each spacious villa is equipped with a fan, flat-screen cable tv, seating area, safe and fridge.
offering a children's playground and ski-to-door access, casa per ferie europa is situated in dobbiaco, 500 metres from rienz chairlift. guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
staff at the 24-hour reception counter will be happy to assist you with currency exchange services and bicycle/car rentals.
guests can wake up with a cup of complimentary coffee or tea.
guests can start their day with a greek breakfast served buffet-style, including fruit pies, local pastries and fresh eggs.
the three-bedroom accommodation will provide a tv, a terrace and a seating area.the kitchen comes fully equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
this hotel is 600 metres from the coastal boardwalk and 2 km from the thermal baths.
featuring contemporary decor, all the air-conditioned guestrooms come with a flat-screen tv, personal safe and mini-fridge.
apartment on bulvar nadezd offers accommodation in adler.
zagreb international airport is 60 km away, and zagreb city is 40 km from the hotel. the historic city of karlovac is just a 15-minute drive away.
moxi catholic church is definitely worth a visit, which sat just around the corner within 1-minute walk from the hotel.
a 20-minute drive from pondicherry city, it also provides luggage storage at its 24-hour front desk.
this property is a short walk from the ski lifts and offers free wi-fi access.
the guest house also offers car hire.
located 900 metres from the historic core of zadar, adriaticum luxury accommodation offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi access.
you hotel is a 5-minute walk from ladies street and langham place shopping mall where you are able to find many restaurants.
a family-run bed and breakfast in cong village in ireland’s county mayo, ryan's river lodge b&b overlooks the cong river and waterfall.
a good selection of restaurants and cafés are located in the surrounding streets.
located 300 metres from the unesco-protected diocletian's palace and the riva promenade, apartments mansarda is set in a traditional stone house and features modern furnishings and free wi-fi.
the b&b’s interior features wood floors and large windows.
ivanjica is 47 km from apartments micic.
located 3.5 km from sunny beach, sunny view apartment offers accommodation in tŭnkovo. sunny view apartment features views of the river and is 28 km from burgas city.
the tulip creek hotel apartments features an international restaurant offering all-day dining.
ipatevskiy monastery is a 20-minute drive away, and on-site parking is free at the premier kostroma.
it features an outdoor pool, a tower-shaped poolside snack bar and free wi-fi.
maastricht-aachen airport is 13.1 km away and the property offers free parking.
the nearest airport is avignon-provence airport, 9 km from hotel boquier.
while the hotel does not house any dining options, new world park hawker centre offers a variety of local dishes from different cultures.
surrounded by a garden, right on the beach of trani ammoudia in halkidiki, meltemi features a snack bar with views to the aegean sea. it offers air-conditioned rooms with free wifi and furnished balcony.
all accommodation units at sport hotel are air conditioned and equipped with a fridge and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
there are 2 on-site restaurants serving national and international cuisine, and guests will find several other restaurants open all day within 5 km of hotel tropicana.
other on-site conveniences include an atm machine, business centre and free parking.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator, and each room has an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
situated just 6 minutes’ drive from fremantle city centre, santa maria executive b&b fremantle offers luxury adults-only accommodation with free wi-fi.
puerta del sol metro station is 190 metres away.
you can enjoy tea or coffee accompanied with cake in the afternoon, and soup at night.
palazzo vecchio is 1.1 km from niccolini, while convent of san marco is 1.1 km away.
a private sitting room is available exclusively for guests’ use, with breakfast served in the adjoining garden room.
free wifi is available.
for a small charge, guests are offered a small breakfast including fresh rolls, cold meat, cheese, yoghurt, fresh fruits, juices, tea and of course a strong coffee.
located in marbella, apartamento bahía blanca features views of the sea and is set 450 metres from the beach.
most apartments feature a furnished terrace.
there is free wifi throughout the house.
while bonn is a 25-minute drive away, the city of cologne is 45 km away.
ouranoupoli is 42 km from sweet orange, while vourvourou is 28 km from the property.
bbq facilities are available in the garden.
ponta delgada airport is 7.4 km from the hostel.
san giuan is a small hotel just around the corner from the seaside promenade in alghero, 50 metres from san giovanni beach.
free wifi is available.
sunny beach centre is a 7-minute walk away.
victory square with antipa and geology museums, is 1.5 km away, while the old town with lipscani street can be reached within 4 km.
located in szalafő, the tündérviola offers a self-catering holiday home with a garden and a terrace.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the main bus and train station can be reached within 1 km from the korona hotel.
wi-fi is free in the premises.
you can also take a trip to the allgäu skyline park, situated 5 km away.
a seating area with a sofa, a tv with a dvd player and air conditioning are featured in all houseboats at antelope point marina at lake powell.
dani hotel is just a few steps from bars and restaurants, and 300 metres from boiçucanga bus station.
the apartment is set on one level and is suitable for wheelchair users.
rooms at sofitel saigon plaza offer views of the city.
in addition, this property also has 7 conference rooms which can be used for various events and meetings.
the museum of world culture is 700 metres away.
there is a fitness centre and a business centre to accommodate guest needs.
there is a restaurant on site which specialises in polish cuisine.
the air-conditioned rooms at knights inn paxinos feature a flat-screen tv.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave.
aromet motor inn is a 2-minute drive from the district hospital and a 7-minute drive from temora aviation museum.
free private parking is available on site.
extras include a sofa and complimentary bed linen and towels.
it is a 20-minute drive from chinatown and a 30-minute drive from tan son nhat international airport.
room service is available upon request.
the charming landhaus hotel right in the heart of saanen, which is only 2 km away from gstaad, offers you beautiful country-style guest rooms and tasty swiss specialities.
this hotel in mönchengladbach offers an original design, free wired internet in all rooms, and gourmet food.
room service is provided.
the hotel les arolles provides on-site ski rental.
this b&b is located in central köpingsvik on the island of öland, only 200 metres from a sandy beach.
there is a mini shopping mall 150 metres from this guest house.
the unit features air conditioning, a living area with a single sofa bed plus a fully equipped kitchen including a coffee machine and a toaster.
the beach is just 2 minutes’ walk from this hotel.
a rich breakfast buffet is served each morning and the terrace is open during the summer.
free parking is available on site.
a 24-hour front desk is available at deluxe inn – knoxville for guests’ convenience. the property also offers free parking and can accommodate large trucks.
bagergade apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in central svendborg.
the seaside resort of forte dei marmi is 35 km from the property.
extras include ironing facilities.
a bread and pastry delivery service allows you to order your breakfast the night before, this is to be collected from reception.
the sanctuary lounge offers a full bar, specialty drinks and locally brewed beers.
the nearest airport is hyères airport, 53 km from the property.
private parking is available on site.
there is also a beach taverna with snacks during the day.
this resort is 30 km from naha airport.
chalet esquilo offers ski storage and barbecue facilities.
special diet menus are available upon request.
taksim square, the heart of istanbul is an 11-minute walk from this property.
elapart is located in the centre of elbląg’s old town and only 70 metres from the gothic st. nicholas cathedral.
situated in białka tatrzanska, 1.1 km from kotelnica bialczanska ski resort, willa anna maria features free wifi access and free private parking.
there are many cycling and walking paths, the krka river invites you for fishing and boating, and the nearby kocevski rog is one of the richest hunting grounds in slovenia.
the airport and beaches of the city of ilheaus, bahía, are 28 km from the property.
a kitchen comes with a microwave, refrigerator and stove.
the halle-center shopping mall is just a 5-minute walk away from the mercure halle leipzig.
nea peramos with many restaurants is a 4-minute drive away and the centre of athens is at 33 km.
free private parking is possible on site.
this two-bedroom apartment is equipped with a tv, air conditioning and a kitchen.
luggage storage is provided.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. a dining area is also offered.
laundry facilities and a 24-hour front desk are available for guests of the fond du lac super 8.
gila county historical museum is 3 minutes’ walk from this motel.
in the mornings, the hillside house serves full english breakfast with freshly ground coffee and a daily newspaper.
with vast view of the countryside this property offers an outdoor pool surrounded by lawn.
this holiday home is 65 km from olbia costa smeralda airport.
lugano airport is 9 km away.
the living room comes with a flat-screen tv with dvd and blu-ray player, as well as an l-shaped sofa and dining table.
the property offers free parking.
room service is also available.
you can play darts at the inn.
the nearest airport is kazan international airport, 27 km from the property.
all of the rooms at the villa tummelchen hotel pension include satellite tv and high-speed internet (fees apply).
the keleti railway station is 1 km away. budapest liszt ferenc airport is located 16 km from the littlepanther.
calgary zoo botanical garden & prehistoric park is 11km away.
select rooms and suites have a balcony with a view and a spa bath.
the body & soul spa centre offers a sauna, a steam bath and an infrared cabin for free.
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
there is a free public parking available.
the inter island ferry is located 5 minutes’ walk away, and the la digue boatyard is 3 km from the apartments.
it offers spa facilities, indoor pool and traditional frisian cuisine.
at landhaus maria, a garden is at the guests’ disposal.
free private parking is available on site.
yangshuo village inn is a 15-minute drive from the tourist centre of west street.
a fully equipped kitchen as well as a washing machine and tumble dryer are included. the balcony includes an outdoor dining area.
the property has a restaurant done in shades of grey, offering various meals every day.
the attached bathroom comes with shower facilities.
it offers soundproofed rooms with an lcd tv, free wi-fi, and hypoallergenic carpeted floors.
drinks can be enjoyed at the cellar bar or the penthouse top of the century piano bar.
the sölden ski area is 15 km away and can be reached by car or the free ski bus which stops 200 metres from raudaschl appartementhaus.
it has a games room with billiards and table tennis.
some feature a computer.
there are many restaurants and bars in the surrounding area.
the local bus stand is 5 km away. the architectural marvel that is the city palace is 4 km from the property.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are available.
suites also have a well-equipped kitchenette.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
the lodge features free wifi.
it features a sun terrace, a ski storage room, and a children’s playground.
breakfast is served daily in a café just 20 metres from the hotel.
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also available.
horse riding stables are 1 km away.
includes an en suite bathroom featuring a flat-screen tv.
a breakfast is offered every morning.
free newspapers are provided, and a ski storage room is available.
every morning a fresh breakfast buffet is served at alpinhotel berchtesgaden, and in the evenings guests can relax with a drink on the terrace.
the spacious rooms all feature views of the dolomites.
st. stephen's basilica is 850 metres from the property. the nearest metro station is at oktogon on line m1, 400 metres away.
you can enjoy a garden view from the room.
there also is a pub on site as well as meeting and banquet facilities.
the aqua park is 2 km and free public shuttle service is available.
an italian-style breakfast is available daily and includes cereal, cappuccinos, and pastries.
days inn hershey features a free daily continental breakfast and free wi-fi.
there is an excellent restaurant on site, caserón, which allows you to dine in style and sample local dishes without leaving the hotel.
some rooms feature a terrace with a view to the main square and pedestrian area.
hamburg airport is just a 15-minute drive away.
the hotel offers a rooftop pool and bar with views of the city's fashion district.
at taba paradise resort you can take a swim in the heated swimming pool or relax by the garden or terrace.
you can engage in various activities, such as diving, cycling and fishing.
novie's tourist inn offers a jungle setting in el nido, approximately 100 metres from bacuit bay and corong corong beach.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
there is also a small hotel bar.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 17 km from the property.
offering a barbecue and children's playground, guesthouse on trudyaschikhsya is set in anapa, 40 km from novorossiysk.
the kitchen includes a dishwasher, electric kettle, microwave and refrigerator. it also has a stove.
redmond regional medical center is 5 minutes' drive away.
schmitt apartments also offer free parking.
hotel garni ferienhof is centrally located, only a 5-minute walk from the cable cars, the water park and the village centre.
hotel’s other facilities include a separated male and female finish sauna and a hot tub.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
calimera is 46 km from casa vacanze largo delle rose, while santa cesarea terme is 28 km away.
each room at tiandi renhe business hotel hexie guangchang comes with a flat-screen tv. you will find an electric kettle in all rooms.
horse riding is available on site at a surcharge.
sveti stefan is 3.5 km from rooms rafailovici, while the popular mogren beach is about 5 km from the property.
breakfast is available at a nearby café.
pudong airport is about 100 km away.
there is free parking on site.
the front desk operates round-the-clock.
catania fontanarossa airport is 40 km from the property.
situated a 10-minute walk from the dnieper river embankment, this eco-friendly hotel offers a sauna and a garden.
daily local newspapers are also provided.
the apartment can accommodate up to 5 persons and offers an open terrace.
this apartment features a furnished balcony and a patio, as well as a satellite tv and a seating area with a sofa.
it offers a restaurant, bar, beer garden and free parking.
ives bay is less than 3 miles away and lelant train station is a 4-minute walk away.
valkenburg is 20 minutes’ from the hotel by car.
each bungalow in placida mar comes with a terrace and a fully-equipped kitchenette. there is a lounge area with satellite tv and a private bathroom.
all rooms offer garden views and have an ensuite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
santiago de compostela train station is 550 metres away.
featuring free wifi and garden views, moradia rústica is a holiday home, situated in lagoa.
balneário de camboriú bus station is 3.5 km away.
overlooking nahuel huapi lake in bariloche, rochester bariloche tempts guests with its heated interconnecting indoor and outdoor pool and relaxing massages in the spa.
the jardin des plantes and the natural history museum are 1 km away.
light snacks and refreshing beverages are offered at the bar.
with air conditioning, apartments come with a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen tv. each has an equipped kitchen.
cooked breakfast is also available.
located just 1 km from the beautiful emerald coast of olbia, appartamento veronese is a self-catering apartment, offering guests a balcony and free wifi.
the property is a 5-minute drive from nyaung shwe jetty and a 20-minute drive from red mountain vineyard.
apartments also have a kitchen.
free wifi access is available in the hotel rooms.
guests can enjoy the lovely open views and complete bathroom facilities.
each one is individually decorated and also features an lcd tv and free wi-fi access.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
other activities include nature walks and fishing.
there are vending machines for snacks and drinks on site.
an indonesian or western lunch and dinner can be arranged with advance notice at a fee.
do folião is a self-catering accommodation located in salvador, only a 10-minute walk from ondina beach, offering free wifi. this property is inside the circuito barra ondina itinerary, the famous carnival party.
lagoa de saquarema lagoon and saquarema bus station are both located 800 metres from spazio itaúna hostel. the itaúna market is around the corner.
bvv trade fairs brno can be reached in a 15-minute walk.
there are tennis courts and a golf course nearby.
free wifi is available.
set in the countryside, the location is great for cycling or hiking.
jasmine hills lodge is located at the edge of chiang mai city, a 10-minute drive from local handicraft stores.
mar senses puerto de pollensa is not far from a good range of bars and restaurants, as well as nightlife.
the air-conditioned unit is 400 metres from kalamies beach.
cafes and shops are a 5-minute walk from kvart hotel smolensk.
the private bathrooms come with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the staff offers bike rentals and various excursions including camel rides.
the national zoo is 8 km from the silver spring sheraton.
the nearest airport is brac airport, 17 km from apartments špiro.
here, you can rent bikes for free and ride around the green surroundings.
boasting excellent links to airports, rail and bus stations, the house was renovated in 2005 to offer all modern comforts in each of its 11 rooms.
there is a sports bar showing sky sports and bt sport channels.
the living-dining room comes with a sofa bed; while the bathroom has a shower.
sunny beach holiday villa kaliva is 500 metres from the beach, and features a summer outdoor pool in green surroundings. free wi-fi and free private parking are available.
premier cinema hall is 450 metres away and central market is across the street.
the apartment features a living room with a flat-screen tv and sofa bed, a bedroom, a washing machine and a bathroom. the kitchen includes a stove, microwave and dishwasher.
bars and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute drive. puerto peñasco airport is a 20-minute drive away.
quinta de sto antonio features a garden and an outdoor swimming pool with sweeping alfaião valley views. the modern house is set in tranquil rural surroundings, a 10-minute drive from bragança.
the hotel's restaurants offer a wide choice of menus catered by award-winning chefs.
royal grand sharm is a 10-minute walk away from il mercato and phantasia land.
the hotel is located close to the centre of santa eulalia, within 10 minutes' walk of a range of restaurants and bars.
located close to the centre of saint flour, logis auberge de la providence offers a warm and friendly welcome in a family-run hotel set in a peaceful area.
they come with bunk beds and shared bathrooms.
at la maison rouge you will find a garden and a terrace.
all rooms at hotel herning have a tv, work desk and a private bathroom with shower. most rooms have a private entrance.
set in the middle of the mayan jungle and 5 minutes’ drive from xpujil town, río bec dreams features both small and large covered terraces near the bar and vibrant gardens.
studios on the ground floor also have a private patio.
complete with a breakfast bar, the kitchen includes a dishwasher, microwave and oven.
at hill crown retreat you will find a 24-hour front desk.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation and a garden with bbq. a continental breakfast includes homemade products.
huaqiang north business area is a 10-minute drive away and shenzhen bao’an international airport is 33 km away.
vilamoura beach is within 15 minutes’ walking from the brisa mar apartment, and the casino is a 5-minute drive.
make yourself comfortable in the informal ambience and soak up the peaceful green surroundings.
poggio degli olivi produces and sells top-quality extra-virgin olive oil and cinta senese salami.
villa luka offers free parking.
parking can be arranged upon request and at a surcharge.
free wi-fi is available in all guest rooms at the holiday inn express and suites seattle – city center. pay-per-view channels and video games are included.
the property offers free parking.
el pont de suert and vielha can be reached in 50 minutes by car, while tremp is 70 km away.
it also features a mini farm and free wi-fi.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
some rooms offer a panoramic terrace and wi-fi is free in public areas.
formigal ski resort is about 1 hours drive away and candanchú is 96 km away.
the annamarie bed and breakfast is situated only 100 metres from the beach on lake balaton, which is accessible for free, and 600 metres from the city centre of siofok.
the modern-style studio offers a cable, flat-screen tv and free wi-fi access is available.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 6 km from studio in heart of warsaw.
the property is fitted with a business centre and meeting facilities.
daily breakfast service is offered.
a 10-minute walk from the beautiful unawatuna beach, beach grove villas is a 4-star property with an outdoor pool, private barbecue pits and massage treatments.
the guest house is within walking distance of plenty of shops, bars and restaurants.
dolphin discovery isla mujeres is 2.5 km from isla caracol, while national park el garrafón is 6 km away.
oregon wine country is just 30 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
there is a hairdresser's at the property.
located in prague, 200 metres from old town square, 7 tales suites offers an original design inspired by a concept of czech fairy tales.
some rooms offer a seating area, a private terrace or free wi-fi internet access.
hotel bellamar is located in cartagena de indias.
kamari’s shops and restaurants are within easy walking distance.
fitted with tiled or wooden flooring, modern air-conditioned rooms offer a tv with satellite channels and a minibar.
maps for hiking and cycling tours are available on site.
noi bai international airport is a 45-minute drive away.
wired internet is provided on request.
a washing machine is available.
the unit is 900 metres from gediminas' tower, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
a work desk and iron are also included.
there is also a bar and restaurant, which are open from june to august.
tea/coffee making facilities are included.
it offers a furnished terrace, free wifi in public areas and air-conditioned rooms.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a fridge and air conditioning.
operating a 24-hour front desk, swiss-belhotel borneo features a gym and meeting/banqueting facilities.
it offers air-conditioned guest rooms, each with a private bathroom, lift access, cable tv and free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is caumont airport, 9 km from the property.
offering a restaurant, casa real celaya is located in celaya’s industrial park, 5 minutes’ drive from the city centre.
at lucky's b&b you will find a terrace.
the rolling hills around huize poswick are planted with the northernmost vineyards of europe.
yemelyanovo international airport is 32 km from the property.
you can sit down with a drink on the adjoining terrace and admire the panoramic dune views.
motel las fuentes is situated just 5 km from the us border.
some also have a private balcony or a terrace.
a snack bar offers quick refreshment and barbecue facilities are at guests' disposal.
san telmo i is air conditioned, featuring a living room flat-screen tv, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower.
free public parking is available at a location nearby.
guests are welcome to use the spa facilities for an extra charge.
you can drive to the beaches of the costa del sol in 30 minutes.
there are two bathrooms with shower.
staff can arrange car rental and free private parking is offered on site.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, you can enjoy a seafront walk along the promenade and reach paceville and st. julian's, which are popular for their restaurants and nightclubs.
each room includes a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
offering a garden, apart- hotel manov is set in yevpatoriya. yevpatoriya is 900 metres away.
listowel golf course is 8 km away.
magic maya is located 2.8 km from antigua guatemala city centre and 200 metres from el panorama shopping mall.
the property is inserted in a complex with an outdoor swimming pool and lawn area.
the property offers an open and covered terrace and can accommodate up to 6 persons.
live jazz is played in the lounge on wednesday, thursday, friday, and saturday evenings.
the apartment will provide you with a tv.there is full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator. private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
guests can use a shared kitchen equipped with a stove, a fridge, a microwave and a kettle.
energize at the gym or on the tennis court.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with library.
room service is available.
free wifi is available and an airport shuttle can be arranged upon request.
hotel u michalika has a 24-hour front desk service and free private parking.
located in popovka, 28 km from yevpatoriya, hotel on morskaya str.
different types of breakfast are available.
a living area with a satellite tv and a sofa bed is provided in each cottage at sundog retreat.
private parking is available on site.
enjoying a seafront location in gerolimenas village, kyrimi offers self-catered accommodation with panoramic views to the messinian gulf. housed in a stone-built tower, it features a lounge area with fireplace.
the campanile also offers a 24-hour reception.
barbecue and water sports facilities are available on site.
activities like tennis, mini golf and fishing can be enjoyed on site.
it is possible to relax in hotel marini's equipped terrace, or go for hiking and biking excursions.
the property offers free parking.
nestled on the shores of the olifants river, baluleni safari lodge is located on the balule nature reserve inside the greater kruger national park.
guests are welcome to use a finnish sauna and relax in a hot tub.
macedonia international airport is 130 km away.
you can park your car for free on site.
there is a terrace from which the guests can admire the panorama of słupsk.
each of the 3 bedrooms at daslichtenberg westside has a balcony, flat-screen tv and bathroom with rain shower and hairdryer.
offering a restaurant and a private beach area, tuzla yacht club is located in tuzla. free wifi access is available in this homestay.
free wi-fi is available.
free private parking is also available at this apartment.
the 24-hour reception has a tour desk and car rental services.
the ocean club bar and grill is open monday through saturday and offers fresh, locally-sourced cuisine for a breakfast buffet, lunch, appetizers and cocktails.
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area.
room service is provided.
surrounded by top branson, missouri attractions, including the dick clark theatre, this hotel offers completely non-smoking guestrooms along with a variety of exceptional amenities, including free wireless internet access.
the nearest airport is zakynthos international "dionysios solomos" airport, 7 km from the property.
torre chianca beach is a 15-minute drive from the property, while brindisi airport is 50 km away.
the hotel's restaurant offers an à la carte menu and buffet serving starters, cheese and dessert pastries.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
the three-bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv including german channels, a terrace and a hot tub.
half-board options are also available.
situated 5 minutes’ walk from nyali beach, midview hotel in mombasa features rooms with balcony and sea view.
all rooms are heated, and have a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
platja d'en repic beach is 6.5 km away and cúber lake is a 30-minute drive away.
the apartment is provided with a seating area, tv and free internet access.
rio negro and the manaus municipal market are within 1.6 km from hostel ocara. the vibrant san sebastian square, which hosts different cultural events and performances by local artists, is 450 meters away.
for guests ́ convenience, the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
the house fits a living room equipped with a sofa, tv and en suite bathroom.
guests have access to several shared bathroom facilities (4 in total) on every floor.
the empire state plaza is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
bungalows also include a kitchen and a living area.
en suite private bathrooms come with toiletries.
this non-smoking property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of local dishes on site.
certain units feature views of the mountain or garden.
it has a 24-hour front desk and free wi-fi, which is available throughout the property.
mount amiata is 30 km away, while grosseto is a 35-minute drive from the property.
this guesthouse is located in the picturesque punkaharju ridge area, 200 metres from a beach and marina, and offers on-site relaxation options which include a sauna and indoor pool.
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and coffee machine.
shops and restaurants are within 2 km from the property.
mini-suites with lounge areas are also available.
room service is also available.
a selection of salads and local specialties is available.
there is a hairdresser's at the property.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
odessa-port train station is 2 km away, while odessa airport is 10 km away.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the lively istiklal street is 500 metres from away and free wifi is accessible throughout.
while there are no restaurants available at the hotel, various restaurants serving local cuisines are located within a 5-minute walk away.
chapada dos guimaraes national park is 4 km away, and cachoeira véu da noiva is 20 km from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, hiking and canoeing.
fortezza da basso exhibition centre and the train station are both a 10-minute walk away.
each room is individually decorated and includes a tv with dvd player and a hairdryer.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the city's nisantasi shopping mall and istanbul fashion academy are just a few steps from park hyatt istanbul.
each apartment at apartments home hotel na mayakovskoy is classically decorated with warm colours and wooden furnishings.
monte da tojeirinha is located in alentejo, 500 metres from the montargil dam.
zajazd saga is located in a quiet area near a forest in pniewo, 7 km from the border with germany in mescherin and less than 15 km from szczecin.
featuring free wifi, the accommodation will provide guests with a tv and a seating area.
spacious one-bedroom apartments come with a kitchen, living room and balcony. they have a flat-screen cable tv, dining area and bathtub.
all apartments feature a kitchen and included free wireless internet access.
the foundation of islamic is just across the road.
elliott bed and breakfast is located in toronto's west end, 5 km from downtown.
each room features a full kitchen with a dishwasher, oven, stovetop, coffee machine, toaster, electric kettle, refrigerator and microwave.
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave. a flat-screen tv is provided.
activities on site include bird-watching, walking trails, mountain bike trails, guided quad biking and trout fishing.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the spacious living-dining room has sofas and a tv, while the kitchen includes an oven, dishwasher, microwave and coffee machine.
breakfast is served until 11:00, allowing you to take it easy during your stay here.
the spacious rooms and suites feature a flat-screen cable tv, a safe, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
an lcd tv and an en suite bathroom are included in each air-conditioned room at tendo hotel route-inn.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and fridge.
each room comes with a tv and a refrigerator.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
each unit offers a sofa, flat-screen tv and private bathroom with a shower.
bistro, courtyard’s on-site restaurant, serves breakfast in the morning as well as dinner and cocktails in the evening.
free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
rabac is 43 km from apartment lana, while baška is 25 km away.
situated in the town of alcochete, just a short drive from lisbon, this hotel overlooks the tagus estuary and radiates a welcoming atmosphere.
the apartment is located in the basement offering daylight.
a games room is on-site and the front desk is ideally on-hand 24 hours a day.
odalys les jardins de val et les verdets is situated in the val d’isère ski resort, just 300 metres from the ski lifts.
the traditional village of ayios nikitas is 6 km from the property.
a daily breakfast is included.
das vorderhaus provides a full breakfast each morning, which is brought to your room.
this comfortable youth hostel offers heated accommodation with either private or shared bathroom facilities.
hotel belvedere is set on the seafront, next to the pedestrian area in bellaria igea marina.
guests can prepare their meals using the fully equipped kitchens available in every apartment.
guests can also enjoy a free welcome pack upon arrival .fresh towels and bed linen are provided twice a week.
there is also a free shuttle service to jumeirah beach park available on request.
breakfast and dinner are prepared with local, natural products.
this small hotel in cuxhaven offers a garden, free breakfast, and free parking.
rooms at hotel cancalli business & suites have carpeted floors and all include flat-screen cable tv, a desk and free toiletries.
the friendly staff can assist with fax/photocopying, laundry service and tour arrangements.
guests can choose between refurbished rooms with a large double bed and a private bathroom, or spacious suites with a lounge area, en suite bathroom with a freestanding bathtub and a private courtyard or balcony.
the kitchen is equipped with the essential utensils to prepare meals, and guests can buy their groceries within walking distance.
airport transfer and shuttle services are available at a charge, while activities such as canoeing, windsurfing and snorkelling can be organised.
it is next door to a sports centre.
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
traditional mountain cuisine using homegrown and organic products can be served in the main guest house.
free private parking is available at the hotel bachwiesen.
a 10-minute walk from the beach, lakeside gardens apartment is located in bogazici area of bodrum.
all rooms include a seating area, satellite tv and private bathroom, and some have a balcony.
dining options include a buffet and à la carte restaurant.
extras include bed linen and a fan.
oludeniz beach is just a 5-minute drive from cennet hotel.
the property offers free parking.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
lebanese dishes and live belly dancing can be enjoyed in the traditional awtar eatery.
near the premises guests can find free public parking.
for a small fee, guests can enjoy the sauna and bowling alley located onsite.
chateau de cop choux is in a 9 hectare park and guests can have dinner at the chateau upon reservation.
the inn is 300 metres from ruthin castle and 3.1 km from tomen y rhodwydd castle.
german beers and wines can be enjoyed on the terrace or in the conservatory.
enjoying sea view, the on-site tavern prepares greek dishes and fish.
ching xiu temple is a 7-minute drive away while hualien ocean park is a 20-minute drive away.
it offers free wi-fi and guests are invited to take in the views of the old town from the terrace.
the resort is equipped with a playground and bbq facilities for guests to enjoy.
the nearest airport is mactan cebu international airport, 6.3 km from the property.
offering private beach access, barbecue facilities are available on-site.
the accommodation features a satellite flat-screen tv.
brasília cathedral can be reached within an 8-minute drive.
this family-run hotel in ringsheim is surrounded by black forest countryside, just 6 km from the europa park in rust. gasthaus zum hirschen has its own vineyard, orchards and shots distillery.
the non-smoking apartment at casa schillerwein features a bedroom, a living and dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, a modern bathroom with a rain shower, and a south-facing sun terrace.
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured.
the property offers free parking.
free private parking is available on site.
a fully-equipped kitchen is available in the villa for guests who wish to prepare their own meals.
apartment duje & josip is 200 metres from trogir marina and 300 metres from kamerlengo castle.
the kitchen is separate and fully equipped, including a microwave, and the bathroom is fitted with a shower.
many shops and restaurant can be found in the vicinity.
the nearest airport is anapa airport, 6 km from guest house belaya liliya.
the closest public parking is 100 metres away, and the shores of lake garda are a 5-minute walk from the property.
the restaurant serves regional cuisine, and icherisheher metro station is a 7-minute walk away.
located in the appio latino district in rome, this air-conditioned apartment is 2.4 km from porta maggiore.
shared bathrooms can be found in the hallway.
free wifi is available.
located close to the beach, the central location features nearby shops and restaurants.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the holiday home also offers a washing machine and tumble dryer.
it offers rooms with air conditioning and heating and free wifi .
departamento mendoza y conde is a self-catering accommodation located in a tranquil area of buenos aires.
it is a 10-minute drive to ho chi minh museum, while noi bai international airport is within a 35-minute drive away.
a microwave, refrigerator, and cable tv are featured in every guest room at the budget inn herkimer.
all apartments are air-conditioned and feature a flat-screen tv, washing machine and bathroom with shower.
in addition, the apartments feature a well-equipped kitchen and a living area.
the bathrooms are fitted with a bath and shower.
bed linen is available.
guests have a 24-hour front desk at their disposal.
towels are available.
hotel alpina nature-wellness offers a wide range of spa facilities, including an indoor pool, steam baths, saunas, and an infrared cabin.
bremen's old town is less than a 10-minute walk away.
the spacious apartment comes with wooden ceilings and floors, a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher, a combined living and dining area and a bathroom with a shower.
apartments marin dom na sverdlova 2 offers accommodation in yekaterinburg, 400 metres from church of all saints.
the apartment is 700 metres from ottaviano metro station.
the surrounding ahrweiler countryside offers many hiking and cycling trails.
it is 3 km to iulius mall, 5 km to timisoara train station, and 9 km to traian vuia airport.
fitted with tiled or parquet flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a clothes rack, a desk and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the apartments come with a kitchen.
the spacious classic-style rooms have a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom.
hotel sarandi is located 100 metres from foz do iguaçu international bus terminal and 5 km from rafain exhibition centre.
brooklyn hilton is 1.4 km from the barclays centre and 1.6 km from brooklyn bridge.
with plenty of attractions to choose from, the presidential palace is just 1.5 km from the apartment and tbilisi sameba cathedral is 2 km away.
with a satellite tv and minibar, all classic-style rooms at hotel eurosol alcanena come with parquet floors and a work desk.
guests can use a ski storage room and relax on the terrace and in the garden.
you have discounts at the private beach in july and august.
the hotel’s café serves breakfast and local cuisine.
there is free wifi throughout.
a café serving caucasian cuisine is a short walk from nakhodka.
it has a restaurant offering chinese dishes for lunch and dinner.
guests can enjoy mountain views.
offering fly-fishing opportunities, the yellowstone river is 1 mile from this motel.
located in scordia, the ogliastro apartment offers country-style accommodation with a garden-view terrace.
units are equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv. all units feature a dining area, a terrace and a kitchen equipped with a fridge and stovetop. each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
hotel tanecnica offers en suite rooms with satellite tv and seating areas.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 22 km from apartment na lanskom.
situated on the outskirts of amstetten in the mostviertel region, frühstückspension paradiesgartl offers modernly furnished rooms with free wifi and a flat-screen satellite tv.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the property is about 100 metres from a ski bus stop servicing the ortisei and santa cristina ski slopes.
san cristobal de las casas cathedral and nearby plaza de la paz are approximately 2 km from hotel villa mercedes.
holiday homes at altos del este feature fully equipped kitchens, comfortable seating areas and flat-screen tvs. they are also fitted with full bathrooms, air conditioning and balconies.
the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
some of them have a balcony with city views.
a washing machine is provided and some units have a tumble dryer.
gjerrild nordstrand beach, trout fishing opportunities and fossil hunting on the cliffs are all 4 km from the hostel.
featuring free wi-fi and tastefully furnished interiors, spacious units offer a dvd player, ipod dock and day bed.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
the dining table seats 6 people and the kitchen includes a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
set in the marquês area in porto, the residencial visconde unit has a metro station under a 4-minute walk away.
the kitchens are complete with an oven, stove, fridge and extractor fan.
orekhovsky waterfalls is 11 km from juliet guest house, while tea houses is 2 km from the property.
the private bathroom comes with a bath, hairdryer and free toiletries.
take advantage of the hotel's meeting rooms, bar, internet point and 24-hour room service.
prescott forest villas hotel offers a large selection of beer, wine and champagne.
swimming is possible in the pond 300 metres from the building.
an airport shuttle is available upon request.
tangier ibn battouta airport is located 52 km from the property.
extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
the residence offers studios and apartments with balcony or terrace.
the elegant apartments include a twin room and a living room with a double sofa-bed, a flat-screen tv and a dining area.
rooms are simply furnished and all come with a tv, a cooling fan, and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
an en suite bathroom is featured in each room. select rooms include a private terrace.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
minsk train station is 10 minutes’ ride by metro from centr kvartir 5 and minsk international airport is 38 km away.
alternatively, they can dine in the local café that is within a 15-minute walk of the property.
restaurant nanputei specializes in original dishes that feature local vegetables and ezo-shika deer.
kadikoy ferry port is 10 km from rhiss hotel maltepe.
raja dinkar kelkar museum is 800 metres from hotel suyash deluxe, while srimant dagadusheth halwai ganapati temple is 1.2 km from the property.
a 6-minute drive the forest of rambouillet, pause zen offers b&b accommodation with direct access to the landscaped garden.
oberwiesenthal is a 5-minute drive by car.
lüneburg is a 15-minute car ride from the hotel, and driver will find free parking on site.
free private parking is available at the property.
they feature wooden walls and private bathrooms.
turku castle and turku harbour are both within 2 km of the hostel, while central naantali is 20 minutes’ drive away.
góralska ostoja is a wooden log, highland style house located in the quiet area of pcim, overlooking the mountains and surrounding by a spacious garden.
guests receive the allgäu walser card which offers many free services in the region and discounted entries to the nearby attractions.
each apartment has its own living area, bathroom, fully equipped kitchen with dining area and either a balcony or barbecue area.
a breakfast buffet featuring japanese and western dishes are served at the dining room.
renovated in september 2014, the apartment comprises a combined living and sleeping room, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a kitchen with a dining area, and a bathroom with shower.
free wifi is featured .
rooms at doubletree by hilton - chelsea have a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
sea links beach villas resort and spa is located in sea links city, a self-contained complex boasting a spa, outdoor pool and golf course by the beach.
an electric kettle and minibar are available.
this splendid victorian listed hotel has free parking and free wi-fi.
located in the pedestrian area of zell’s historic centre, this non-smoking hotel is near the famous “schwarze katze” fountain, just 100 metres from the river moselle.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
set 7 km from solnechny rai in voronezh, this apartment features free wifi.
overlooking the surrounding mountains from its balcony, casa glesia is located in sestriere, 50 metres from the ski slopes.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment molodogvardeytsev 70g.
it has an outdoor pool and offers guestrooms with balconies.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out la rural winery (3.7 km) and pedro y jorge cecchin winery (4.9 km).
at ferienwohnung 1001 nacht you will find free airport shuttle service.
at hotel silver inn you will find facilities like car rental and laundry.
massage and spa facilities are provided at a surcharge.
intercontinental de la ville rome is right in the heart of rome.
wi-fi is available free of charge.
free wifi access is available in this camping.
varna is a 50-minute drive away, and free parking is available close to the hotel.
other facilities offered at the property include tour desk and luggage storage.
several restaurants and bars can be found within the immediate surroundings.
some rooms include a hydro massage bath.
located in florianópolis, condominio cruzeiro do sul offers access to a year-round outdoor pool. free wifi is provided.
a buffet breakfast is served daily and has a wide selection of foods.
offering a restaurant, silk way boutique hotel is located in osh, a 7-minute walk from central market.
th en suite bathroom has a shower and free toiletires.
the nearest restaurant and a grocery store can be reached within 100 metres from the property.
the phönix bergneustadt offers free bicycle storage and free parking for motorbikes and cars.
you can go to the beach located right below the property.
free wifi access is available and guests are served an optional breakfast for an extra fee.
the air-conditioned apartment elmos provides free wi-fi and has cable tv, a kitchenette and a balcony overlooking the garden.
bali denpasar international airport is 9 km away.
local huai yang cuisine and chinese dishes are served at the hotel's 4 restaurants.
viareggio train station is 4 km from the burlamacco hotel.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
apartments at elite royale includes a spacious living room with cable tv channels, and a kitchen fitted with dishwasher and cooking utensils.
all rooms have a modern bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
breakfast and set meals are served in the comfort of villas or the private gazebo.
situated 5 minutes' walk from the beach in cabo roig, this air-conditioned penthouse apartment features a communal outdoor pool, garden and sun terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the bathrooms include a shower and ski storage facilities are also provided.
these apartments offer balconies, free wi-fi and free sheets and towels.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
villa shakti is 15 minutes’ drive from seminyak beach and its beach clubs, while it takes 40 minutes’ drive from ngurah rai international airport.
hat sai ri is 15 km from hop inn chumphon, while chumphon night plaza is 500 metres from the property.
located in rome, this apartment is 400 metres from piazza di santa maria in trastevere.
all offer a kitchenette with 2 cook-tops, a toaster and a fridge.
the residence also has vending machines, a tv room and a self-service laundry.
the nearest beach is in kanegra, 3 km away, while the historic umag is 7 km away.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, microwave and kitchenware.
côte d'azur airport is 6 km away.
spread over 10 acres,tivoli garden resort hotel features an outdoor pool, barbecue facilities, a restaurant, bar and a 24-hour front desk.
breakfast is continental and includes a wide selection of sicilian specialities, including fresh orange juice.
this 3-star property offers self-catering accommodation 30 metres from the sea and 150 metres from zaboric’s beach.
angelini’s restaurant specialises in romagna cuisine and is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner from april until september.
historical são jorge castle is 2.2 km from the property.
set in saline di volterra, albergo africa offers free wi-fi, a restaurant and classic-style rooms with air conditioning.
they feature satellite tv and a private bathroom.
each apartment at atlantic marina features a private entrance and a fully-equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, washing machine and tumble dryer.
alternatively, the nearby cascais centre features a wide range of restaurants and cafés.
each room is decorated with dark furniture and comes with a large, flat-screen tv, a desk and an electric kettle.
located 10 minutes’ walk from the black sea beach, this hotel in dzhubga village features an outdoor swimming pool.
the on-site car parking is on a first-come, first-served basis.
each room at apartments na podgornoy is colourfully furnished and includes a tv, a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom.
located in fortaleza, beach village praia do futuro 1104 offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre.
at gualandayes you will find barbecue facilities, a football and a volleyball field, among other outdoor facilities.
the hotel is a 10-minute walk to night market and nam khan river.
the nearest airport is john paul ii airport, 10 km from the property.
its well-furnished cottages are situated amidst the tree tops, on the beachfront or are elevated with ocean views.
some rooms offer a balcony.
there are also various supermarkets within 5 minutes’ walk of playa chica
the pune airport is a 10-minute drive away.
guest laundry service is available as well as plenty of bus, car and truck parking.
all rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
at summerfield green bungalow you will facilities like grocery deliveries, a shared lounge and an ironing service are offered.
each kitchenette is equipped with a fridge.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers.
the shooters bar offers drinks and snacks.
guests at the property can take advantage of a wellness area, comprising 2 finnish saunas, a steam bath, 2 infra-red cabins and a solarium.
each room has an en suite bathroom, and guests can enjoy pay tv channels.
each room comes with a private bathroom.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
all units feature a balcony with mountain views, satellite tv, and a private bathroom.
at gîte & chambres d'hôtes mas la tardosse you will find a garden.
some suites also include a 32-inch flat-screen tv or a sofa bed.
towels and linen can be provided upon request.
you can find shops, bars and restaurants within a 3-minute drive in central roseau.
guests can also play beach volleyball, go cycling around the island or read a book in the library.
guests may cook their own meals in the kitchenette and enjoy them in the dining area.
slippers, towels and free toiletries are available.
the hotel features a 24-hour front desk and swimming pool.
odessa archaeological museum is 5 km from apartments sigurd hall, while odessa theatre of opera and ballet is 5 km away.
it is 5 miles from miami art museum and 11 miles from miami international airport.
sc inn boutique hotel offers elegantly decorated rooms with modern amenities including flat screen tvs and free wi-fi.
bicycles can be rented from the property and massages are available against a surcharge.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
at professional but friendly hotel capitol you will also benefit from free wifi access and free garage parking on site.
wattay airport is a 10-minute drive away.
you can enjoy breakfast while reading the newspapers provided in the dining room at les logis d'orléans chambres d'hôtes.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen cable/satellite tv, a seating area and an electric kettle.
the interiors offer a mixture of modern and antique.
central minsk apartments are located in minsk city centre, within a 10-minute walk of the lenina square.
free private parking is available on site.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom. extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
located directly beside the wilhelmsthal palace gardens, this non-smoking hotel offers country-style rooms, free wi-fi internet, and traditional food from the hesse region.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath and bath or shower. for your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
thyme restaurant serves a selection of contemporary dishes freshly prepared daily.
extras include a desk and a safety deposit box.
it takes 10 minutes to drive to belorussky train station from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress.
happy restaurant serves a hearty buffet breakfast daily plus both chinese and western-style fare, while the bar offers a variety of drinks.
certain rooms include views of the sea or pool.
tivat airport is 20 km away.
breakfast is served daily in guests’ rooms.
apartment cieloalto offers accommodation in breuil, 14 km from zermatt and 50 km from leukerbad.
younger guests at the haus seeschwalbe will enjoy the apartments’ playground.
all air conditioned, rooms feature a fridge and a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower. rooms have wrought-iron bed or a bed with antique headboard.
each accommodation at apartments mate balote has a balcony, a seating area with a tv and free wifi access.
set in kopaonik, this apartment features free wifi.
the individually furnished rooms at zur burg eltz are equipped with a private bathroom and cable tv.
free wifi access is available in this lodge.
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport, 33 km from the property.
all accommodation at hotel nh belagua includes a safe and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
vending machines and a 24-hour reception are offered for added convenience.
it is a 40-minute bus and ferry ride from bora bora airport.
a daily homemade breakfast is offered and there is a shared tv room.
in the wintertime you can take part in a sleigh ride.
the property offers free parking.
it offers free wi-fi and classically furnished rooms with a tv and private bathroom.
free wi-fi and private parking are provided.
apartment toesca bormes les mimosas is located in bormes les mimosas, in a central, busy position, 5 km from the beach.
fitted with wooden flooring, classic rooms feature a seating area.
the rooms include a shared bathroom.
set just 150 metres from piratininga beach and featuring barbecue facilities and a furnished outdoor dining area, casa de praia piratininga is located in niterói.
accommodation features a living/dining area, and satellite flat-screen tv. each has a bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries, while some also come with air conditioning.
at villa mrestilishte, a terrace is as the guests’ disposal. the property offers free parking.
there is cable tv and a private bathroom.
planet inn hotel baku features free wifi throughout the property.
salerno station is 2 km away.
anna next door’s chic suites are decorated in a contemporary style, with designer italian furnishings and parquet floors.
offering a 24-hour reception, alcatraz backpacker hostel is situated in berlin’s lively prenzlauer berg district.
the self-catering apartment is equipped with a separate kitchen.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area.there is a well-equipped kitchen with a coffee machine and a dining table.
igman mountain is 25 kilometers away, while bjelašnica mountain with skiing opportunities is 50 km away.
guests can enjoy traditional greek specialities at the outdoor restaurant of the hotel, with views of the bay. products served are homemade and locally produced.
the restaurant has an extensive menu with meat, fish and vegetarian dishes.
it offers soundproofed guest rooms equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the 9-hole ehrwald golf course is 500 metres away.
the amoudi studios apartments hotel is located in the greek village of amoudi, a quiet un-spoilt resort close to the busy beach resorts of alykes and alykanas.
offering free private parking, it has a garden, a shared terrace, and rooms with air conditioning.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven, a refrigerator and a stovetop, as well as a coffee machine.
ouranoupoli is 30 km away, while vourvourou is at a distance of 12 km away.
the national museum in gdańsk is within 500 metres and gdańsk główny railway station is 1 km away.
hotel restaurant krone features a historic façade with traditional flower-boxes.
free parking is also available.
an en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
offering a terrace and views of the sea, palazzo donn'anna room with a view is situated in posillipo, naples.
a flat-screen tv is available in the living area, while the well-equipped kitchen comes with a semi open dining area.
seasons place takes 6 minutes’ car journey to reach. beijing capital international airport is 45 minutes’ drive away.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
kiev city centre with khreshchatyk street is 10 minutes' metro ride from absolut apartments on left bank of dnipro, and boryspil airport is 32 km away.
free wi-fi is available in the bar, lobby, reception area and on the terrace.
beijing capital international airport is 25 km away.
on request, an airport shuttle service can be organised.
delectable thai and western cuisines are served at cascades restaurant and bar from 07:00 to 23:00 hrs.
every room is equipped with a shared bathroom fitted with a shower.
upon arrival, guests are welcomed with a complimentary cup of coffee or tea.
the rooms at la casa que canta feature traditional mexican décor, with handmade furniture and tiled floors.
they also have a private bathroom.
a continental breakfast is available each morning at hôtel saint louis. guests can also enjoy traditional french food and pizzas in the restaurant.
guests can relax in the lobby bar or enjoy a snack from the 24-hour market.
tennis courts can be found within 1 km.
the classic rooms are fitted with a satellite tv, radio and a panel heater.
both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 20 metres of the property.
the accommodation is provided with a tv, a dvd-player, a terrace and a dining table.
el loa airport is 100 km away in calama.
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
mel’s stay is situated 3.6 km away from galle international cricket stadium. dutch church galle is 4 km away.
only a 45-minute drive from phuket international airport, it offers a restaurant and free wi-fi.
these one-bedroom apartments and studios will provide you with a seating area, a sofa and a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
all rooms have a tv with cable channels.
casa joanot is located in the mountain village of irán, in catalunya’s alta ribagorza region.
shuttle services from and to the airport are provided upon charge.
wooden furnishings and natural daylight are offered in each dormitory room at hi-castle mountain hostel.
towels and bed linen are provided, and the bathroom comes with a bathtub.
the classic-style apartment is air conditioned and has a balcony and a tv.
it features comfortable rooms with wood-beamed ceilings.
indoor and outdoor swimming pools, lakes, kayaking and horse riding can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
with a balcony overlooking the sea, the apartment includes a fully equipped kitchen, dining area and living room with a flat-screen satellite tv.
free wifi is available in public areas.
all units include a seating and dining area.
it offers rooms with a patio with mountain views.
free wi-fi access is available.
vatia beach lodge is located 10km from tavua. it is a 90-minute drive from nadi airport.
overlooking the cretan sea or the garden, the apartments of baladinos have a kitchenette with dining area, fridge and cooking hobs.
various cafes and restaurants are a 2-minute walk from best guest porto hostel.
park pilestredet is a 1-minute walk from dalsbergstien tram stop and the michelin-starred restaurant oscarsgate.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
arenal backpackers resort features shared dormitories and tents for up to 4 persons.
baan kuasakul resort is a 15-minute drive from nathon pier and a 30-minute drive from samui international airport.
a grocery shop, a restaurant and a café are located within a range of 300 metres from stefanie appartement.
trastevere train station just 5 minutes away by tram. from here you can reach san pietro and termini stations and fiumicino airport.
the sun grove villas are decorated in typical canarian colours of blue and white, with tiled floors and light wood furniture.
the nossa senhora do mar chapel is a mere 230 metres away.
guests can take advantage of a fitness centre and a business centre at main & sky.
bicycles and nordic walking poles can be rented.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv.
there is also a cocktail lounge where guests can enjoy refreshing exotic drinks.
there is a fully equipped, open-plan kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a coffee machine.
bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
extras include bed linen and towels.
other facilities offered include luggage storage.
the spa offers massages with a view of the sea, a fitness room and aqua gym.
dreamz inn offers a tour desk and meeting/banquet facilities.
gdańsk airport is located 10.5 km away.
the property has a landscaped garden and a fenced garden with garden furniture.
tastefully decorated, the chic guestrooms feature modern interiors and warm lighting. each well-appointed unit is fitted with a tv with satellite channels, refrigerator and an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
the property features luggage storage and laundry service.
restaurants, bars and grocers can be found within a walking distance.
located in pattaya, markland beachfront by mypattayastay offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre.
rooms feature a garden view and charming furnishings.
hostel örebro city has an on-site children’s playground.
within 10 minutes’ walk, guests will find the famous fortezza, the venetian harbour, as well as the bus and taxi terminal that connect with heraklion and chania.
guests have access to a sun terrace, sauna and a tennis court on site. bbq facilities are also available for guests use.
a flat-screen tv with a dvd player is featured.
it offers simple rooms a large garden with a playground, a large swimming pool and a smaller children's swimming pool.
the nearest airport is trapani airport, 13 km from appartamento limoni.
guests can sunbathe on the terrace or take a dip in the outdoor swimming pool.
theodore roosevelt national park is 101 km from riverside inn.
it includes 2 private bathrooms.
guests can also enjoy seasonal, local cuisine in a meal prepared by the hosts, upon request.
laguardia airport is 7 km away.
guests can enjoy free parasols and sun loungers at the swimming pool.
breakfast includes a variety of sweet and savoury products, served daily.
it is 4.6 km from wangfujing street and 5 km from yonghe temple.
the property is 4 km away from eichstätt.
comfort’s air-conditioned rooms include cable tv and a minibar.
the famous jeita grotto, with its archaeological history, is a 15-minute drive from hotel xperience.
facilities include a tv, dishwasher and washing machine.
bus service to corfu town runs once a day.
a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker are included.
guests can indulge in a relaxing body massage, or sing karaoke.
san antonio homegate studio & suites is 13.2 miles from the alamo. the hotel is 11.6 miles from the river walk.
the apartments include a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator and the suite includes a spa bath.
jaarbeurs conference centre is 20 minutes away by car.
all guest rooms include free wi-fi and a hot breakfast of waffles and sausage.
guests enjoy free wifi and free parking.
bravura gold resort is 8 km from dogra temple, 20 km from sardhana church and 35 km from jain temple, hastinapur.
in the morning a varied breakfast buffet is served.
trapani is a 40-minute drive away.
the sunrise hotel features bright rooms decorated in a classic style.
a buffet breakfast is available, while the restaurant serves italian cuisine at dinner.
set within 10 acres of peaceful gardens and woodland, the woodbrooke quaker study centre features free wi-fi throughout and free parking.
hotel mar do farol is 10 km from aracajú city centre and 7 km from santa maria international airport.
the port of prinos with ferries to kavala town, is a 1-minute walk away.
rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
within the nearby main cities, there are numerous historic places of interest.
b&b taptoe is an intimate guesthouse situated only 200 metres from the manneken pis statue.
a cable tv, fireplace, and en suite bathroom are featured in all guest rooms.
each room here features a private bathroom with free toiletries and cable tv.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
you will receive a guest card on arrival, offering free use of this bus line and other public transport around innsbruck.
each room also comes with a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
capri bus station is 50 metres from the property.
zagreb cathedral, the vibrant dolac marketplace and zrinjevac park are in the immediate vicinity of the main square.
the accommodation is equipped with a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave is also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
dan hotel also offers room service and a complimentary coffee/tea service on the terrace.
there is also a bar. hotel del pozo also has a business centre.
drinks and refreshments are served in all of le playa's 6 bars.
the property is fitted with central heating and air-conditioning.
the property offers an outdoor pool and free parking.
the fully-equipped kitchens include a stove, oven, refrigerator and microwave.
there are various restaurants and bars within a 5-minute walk of the property.
the apartment can accommodate up to 6 persons and offers an open terrace.
rotterdam central station is 15 minutes by tram.
the wellness section includes a sauna and a hot tub, both can be used for surcharge.
towels and bed linen are featured at domumetro na k.simonova.
the apartments looks out onto both the sea and the river.
puncak jimbaran hotel is a 10-minute drive from balangan beach. ngurah rai international airport is 10 km away.
some have a balcony.
offering views of the pool, courtyard or garden, rooms at sea spray inn feature tropical decor and a full kitchen.
all the rooms are bright and and decorated with light colour tones.
a safety deposit box is available at the front desk, while laundry and ironing services are available as well.
afternoon tea service is also available upon request.
you can enjoy a rich breakfast in the on-site palette restaurant.
the nearest airport is falcone-borsellino airport, 97.5 km from rustico uzzo.
a ground-floor apartment can be rented separately at gardabær villa.
free wi-fi access is available.
every room is air conditioned and includes a private bathroom.
just 100 metres away there is a stop of the bus going to dubrovnik.
palm springs and palm springs international airport are 1 hours’ drive away.
traditional moroccan dishes are also available on request.
yukata robes, toiletries and complimentary green tea are provided.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
just a 4 minutes' stroll from london's famous hyde park, the self-catering accommodation at london paddington suites includes free wifi access for all guests. the property is a 2-minute walk from paddington train station and 1.1 miles from the royal albert hall.
private parking is possible nearby.
the en suite bathrooms feature hydromassage baths or showers.
set on pohorje mountain, the property is 10 km from slobenska bistrica and 32 km from maribor.
the living room is complete with a sofa and fireplace.
other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
burgau train station is 2.5 km away.
amfibius water park is 2.2 km from delphin apartments.
just 2.4 km from portimão, it is 4.8 km from popular rocha beach.the portimão museum is 3.2km from the property, while the marina is within 4.8 km. faro international airport is located 66 km from the casa bela vista.
the hotel’s accommodation features flat-screen tvs with satellite channels and en-suite facilities.
the surrounding area has plenty of shops, bars and restaurants.
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
the property is 2.3 km from katoomba scenic world and free private parking is available.
offering a sun terrace overlooking the garden and sea, this guest house is set in helsingør in the sjælland island region. a private beach area and in-house bar offer leisure to guests.
this hotel in calheta, madeira is located along the peaceful levada nova trail.
guests can soak up the sun or enjoy relaxing traditional thai massageson the loungers situated by the beach.
guests may also make use of the amenities in the common kitchen.
some rooms include views of the mountain or garden.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
the vatican city is a 15-minute walk away.
with its hillside location this country-style apartment in herzogau overlooks a picturesque valley offering great views.
the will holiday inn is located in dali ancient town.
adamas port is at 1.5 km, while milos national airport is 2.5 km away.
it offers a sauna, a 24-hour reception, and a ski storage room.
towels and bed linen are available in this holiday home.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
it provides breakfast, room service and free parking.
the nearest airport is gimpo international airport, 19 km from the property.
treelands castle is 17 km from the verloren valei nature reserve.
the apart hotel is only 500 metres from the local bars and restaurants of icmeler’s old village district.
free private parking is available on site.
each apartment at the laura pioppi comes with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, dishwasher and outdoor dining area.
there is a spacious bright living room with 1 or 2 sofa beds and a flat-screen tv. the well-equipped kitchen includes an oven, kettle and coffee machine.
access to the a and c metro lines is just 800 metres away.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 11 km from the property.
get some fresh air and take in the beautiful natural surroundings, perfect for trekking, horse-riding and even skiing at nearby navacerrada and valdesquí ski stations.
tropicana field baseball stadium is within a 15-minute drive of the la quinta inn.
set within a 4000 m2 park with a swimming pool and a terrace, this b&b is set in civrac-en-médoc in the aquitaine region.
guests can benefit from the hotel’s guidebooks.
offering a terrace and sun terrace, pondok gusti homestay is set 200 metres away from ubud city centre and ubud market.
free private parking is available at the riggeralm.
there is a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries in every unit.
a free shuttle is available to/from yudanaka train station.
rooms at frühstückspension stachl wirt are bright and include classic wooden furniture. each is fitted with a cable tv and soundproofed windows.
the hotel also offers drinks at the well-stocked bar.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a microwave and an oven. a stove and kitchenware are also at guests' disposal.
you can drive to central arrecife and lanzarote airport in around 30 minutes.
a continental or italian-style breakfast of hot drinks and croissants is available daily.
some have a balcony.
every morning guest can enjoy breakfast in the privacy of their room.
there is also a fireplace in some rooms.
each room here will provide guests with air conditioning, a balcony and a small patio.
this lakewood hotel is off route 70 and within a 15-minute drive of point pleasant beach.
it offers a restaurant serving local specialities and 6 etno houses featuring rooms with a private furnished terrace.
the sněžka mountain is 10 km from the property.
nice airport is 26 km away.
it consists of sweet food including croissants and cappuccino.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and dishwasher.
housed in a 200 year old limestone mansion, all suites whitney manor is a self-catered accommodation located within a 5-minute drive from the city of kingston.
privatzimmer feiken is directly located on the danube cycle path and danube hiking trail.
the property offers city maps in different languages.
the property offers free parking.
mineral wells lake and state park is 5.5 miles away.
the trevi fountain is a 7-minute walk away.
the guesthouse is 4 km from nam mountain and 5 km from myeongdong market.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
they also have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a balcony.
the classic-style rooms feature a wardrobe.
free on-site parking is available.
gili air is 2.4 km from mallias bungalows.
centre of zakopane is located 6 km from the property.
bed & breakfast il giardinetto is in rosolini centre, next to a public garden and within short walking distance of all services.
holiday home jørgensvej sæby i is located in sæby and can accommodate up to 10 persons.
located within minutes of the san bernardino county fairgrounds in victorville, california, this cosy hotel offers contemporary facilities in a scenic area of southern california near shopping and dining venues.
regional mecklenburg specialities are served at the hotel restaurant and café, and in summer months it is also possible to dine outside on the terrace.
there are also barbecue facilities on the terrace.
cooled with air conditioning and fitted with hardwood floors, all the rooms feature a flat-screen tv and a work desk.
onegin hostel is located in moscow, a 5-minute walk from paveletsky train station and paveletskaya metro station.
hepburn springs is a 7-minute drive away.
in addition, within a 5-minute walk, guests will find plenty of dining options serving as well as bars and cafés.
rooms at quoc an guesthouse come with air conditioning, tiled flooring, a wardrobe, minibar and a tv with cable channels.
clisson is only 10 km away.
packed lunches and grocery deliveries are available.
guests have access to a shared lounge at diluxshanrest. they can also go cycling and fishing during their stay.
there are a number of shops and restaurants within walking distance from the hotel.
best western plus grand hotel’s bright, modern rooms feature parquet wooden floors, a desk and a fan.
free wifi is provided .
being located in chiang mai old city, you can find a range of trendy dining options and night entertainment sites.
the guests can enjoy breakfast every morning and dine in an on-site restaurant serving czech cuisine.
chiflika palace resort & spa, set right next to the chiflika hotel zeus international, offers a restaurant with a welcoming atmosphere with a fireplace and an outdoor seating and dining area.
each room includes a tv and some of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the street.
moscow point - loft red square offers accommodation in moscow. the apartment is 200 metres from bolshoi theatre.
24-hour reception services are offered and free parking is available on site.
some units additionally feature a living area with a sofa bed, or a spa bath.
just 150 metres from the centre of the scenic folegandros town, the cycladic-style fata morgana offers a swimming pool with hydromassage facility and poolside snack bar.
this holiday home is 5 km from hilo airport.
casa rural cinco balcones features air-conditioned rooms with en-suite bathroom, and free wi-fi. the country house is in sierra de aracena y los picos de aroche natural park, 90 km from sevilla airport.
neighbouring hakuba iwatake snow field, villa komakusa offers a breath-taking view of the northern alps and a cosy cottage with wooden interiors and a ktichen.
a tv is featured.
offering air-conditioned rooms with sea views, hotel stella maris is in the heart of capri 50 metres from the famous piazzetta central square.
the kitchen includes a washing machine, tumble dryer, microwave, nespresso coffee machine and kettle.
located at the foot of the swabian alps and surrounded by forests, this hotel offers spacious rooms and large breakfast buffets. it lies in the quiet village of öschingen.
it offers spacious, air-conditioned accommodation, an open-air terrace and a garden.
for business travellers' convenience, meeting facilities are provided.
all of the rooms of the taurus stopnica are heated and feature a simple interior décor.
each room is individually designed and appointed with rich fabrics and contemporary design furniture. special attention has also been paid to your comfort and the quality of mattresses and pillows are of the highest standard so you benefit from a great night’s sleep.
the camp site is next to a river and offers an outdoor pool, free wi-fi zone and free parking.
san pedro airport international airport is located 6 km away.
day trips and car rental can be arranged at the tour desk.
yusentei park is a 15-minute drive away.
it is 2 km to harlesiel harbour which offers boat connections to the island of wangerooge.
the hostal torrijos is set in a modern building with good access to the a-3 motorway.
lautrec and castres are 30 km away and there is free on-site parking.
wehlener landhaus in stadt wehlen, sächsische schweiz comes fully furnished and includes a tv in the bedroom.
located in the centre of horn-bad meinberg, it is 5 km from the externsteine rock formation.
rafic hariri airport is 8 km away.
it features a traditional lounge, a modern sauna area and free wifi in every room.
the resort also provides bicycle and car rentals, as well as laundry services.
some offer full views of the lake.
in sunny weather, the large garden is ideal for celebrations and events.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 22 km from the property.
only 250 metres away, paral•lel metro station offers direct links to plaça catalunya and montjuïc hill.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out villarrica lake (15.1 km) and meneteue hot springs (19.6 km).
howard kitchen offers a variety of breads, cakes and desserts.
guest rooms at the ibis styles melun are equipped with air conditioning and an extra refrigerator. they each have a private bathroom and toilet.
the beautiful veli lagoon too is 18 km away.
full english and continental breakfast are served, and picnics are available on request.
this hotel is 2 blocks from the crystal city subway station and a 5-minute drive from ronald reagan washington national airport.
mysore airport is 12 km from the hotel.
free wi-fi, a buffet breakfast and a 24-hour reception are features of this kiev hotel.
the bathroom features bathrobes and slippers.
fivelements puri ahimsa is a 20-minute drive from ubud palace and an hour’s drive from ngurah rai international airport.
some units also have a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and fridge.
they are all equipped with work desks and en suite bathroom facilities, and some rooms have mountain views.
gustavo rojas pinilla international airport is 2.6 km away.
some have tyrrhenian sea views.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
provided with free wifi, rooms at les palmiers all have a private bathroom with shower.
marchant stadium, spring training home of the detroit tigers, is 3 miles from the motel.
skylinevilla guest house is a 26-minute drive from lisbon international airport.
the air-conditioned unit is 5 km from cala major beach.
each features an lcd, satellite tv and private bathroom with a cabin shower and hairdryer.
offering an outdoor pool, cabañas la colina is located in villa giardino, 500 metres from san pablo beach area.
free wi-fi, flat-screen tv and air conditioning are standard in all rooms at rosa del tirreno.
they come with air conditioning and an lcd tv with satellite channels.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
every room comes with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
the spa and wellness centre opens every day from 10:00 until 20:00 and features a sauna and turkish bath.
guests can enjoy free local calls and free wi-fi.
set in a restored 18th-century building, this guesthouse in porto is a 5-minute walk from city market bolhao and clerigos tower.
this alpine resort is set on the foot of pirin mountain, on the outskirts of bansko.
some suites also feature a shared pool and hot tub.
for added convenience, services such as grocery deliveries, car hire and airport transfers can all be arranged for an extra charge.
los villares park is just 15 minutes’ drive from the property.
explorer's rest features free wifi throughout the property.
you can play billiards and mini-golf at the property, and the area is popular for snorkelling and windsurfing.
the hotel dillenburg welcomes you to relax in its individually furnished rooms.
the bathroom includes a bath or a shower.
featuring a garden with children’s playground and horse riding facilities, riserva naturale foce dell’isonzo offers rooms in staranzano. grado beaches are a 25-minute drive from the property.
situated a few minutes from lake ossiach with a private lakeshore, gasthof pension schlosswirt offers bright rooms with wooden furniture and free wi-fi.
the national pantheon and cathedral are a 20-minute walk from the apartment, as well as the flea market in campo de santa clara, held on tuesdays and saturdays.
ferienhaus lenartz offers apartments with a fully equipped kitchen and dining area, as well as a garden terrace.
free parking is possible nearby.
some rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows.
lai 32 old town apartament is 500 metres from niguliste museum-concert hall and 600 metres from tallinn train station.
a supermarket is located 50 metres from the property.
belgrade art hotel is close to the city's historical sites like the belgrade fortress and kalemegdan park, as well as the historic quarter.
tallinn international bus station is within 450 metres and the distance to lennart meri tallinn airport is 2.6 km.
this stylish design hotel is located 150 metres from rocafort metro station in barcelona.
every room has a simple decór and are air-conditioned.
the famous st thomas church is 4 km from the guest house.
bodrum castle is less than 1 km, bodrum marina is a 15-minute walk away.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a kitchenette with a refrigerator.
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
the air-conditioned rooms and suites come with wooden flooring and dark wood furnishings.
hotel quinta do serrado offers rooms with a balcony with stunning views of the surrounding landscape.
its luxury apartments feature a flat-screen tv, kitchenette and balcony.
it has two terraces with bbq facilities.
the semmering ski area is a 45-minute drive away and the donnerskirchen golf course can be reached within 7 km.
activities in the surrounding area include hiking.
baglio la giummara is a 10-minute drive from the nearest beach and 20 minutes' drive from the coastal town of sciacca. falcone borsellino airport can be reached in 1 hour and 30 minutes' drive.
guests can enjoy a variety of table games, or sports such as “jorkyball” football, volleyball, table tennis, pool-tables or playstation.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
yumoto ginsenkaku offers outdoor hot spring baths, a sauna and karaoke facilities, only a 1-minute walk from the kurodake ropeway, which offers amazing nature views.
prat de cabanes-torreblanca nature reserve is 10 minutes’ drive from the danesp la ribera torrelasal apartments.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, fridge, stove, oven and kettle.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
uralskaya metro station is 20 minutes' walk from apartments in yekaterinburg, providing quick access to the city centre.
numerous restaurants and cafés serving freshly caught fish and local cuisine are within 500 metres of ferienwohnungen nora.
guests enjoy free private parking and car rental services.
the pools are surrounded by loungers and there are large sun terraces.
the in-house restaurant serves indian and regional dishes.
the hotel offers modern rooms with free wifi and air conditioning.
you can visit the medieval castle located at turo de la roca.
the hotel is 1 km from castle stolzenfels.
there is ticket service at the property.
the restaurant provides a terrace and serves a wide range of cold dishes and cooked meals.
the living room is equipped with a fireplace, a flat-screen tv, sofas and a dining area.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property is 2 km from wenceslas square and private parking is featured.
residence mirtillo rosso offers fully equipped apartments with a balcony and mountain views, in a quiet area 1300 metres above sea level. it is just next to a forest and 50 metres from the folgarida ski slopes.
it takes 45 minutes to drive to ngurah rai international airport.
free parking is available on site.
the hotel is conveniently situated to reach paris bercy stadium (popb), vincennes castle and zoo, horse tracks and disneyland resort paris.
lanin national park is 1.3 km away.
each apartment has wooden floors and a living room with a sofa.
portela airport is less than 5 km from the hotel, and private parking is available.
guests staying at elefsina hotel may benefit from the 24-hour front desk, the internet facilities and the express check-in check-out services available.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
the charming, 4-star strandhotel baabe situated on the south-east coast of the island of rügen, just minutes away from the fine sandy beach and the town centre.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, and a terrace with barbecue facilities.
taksim metro station is only 250 metres from the property, offering easy access to other sites of the city.
the akwamaryn is situated only 500 metres from the centre of niechorze and 300 metres from the local lighthouse.
hotel solymar is located near malaga’s train and bus station.
there is also a shared kitchen equipped with a hob, fridge, electric kettle and microwave.
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience, and have access to the shared kitchenette with microwave.
the kitchens are well-equipped with a hob and an oven, and there are two excellent restaurants within 5 minutes’ walk from the complex.
wifi access is available.
there are also bbq facilities available.
at love in hualien b&b, guests can approach the friendly staff for ticketing services and sightseeing arrangements.
they all feature a desk and seating area.
the work tops are made from black marble and give the kitchen a high quality feel.
hôtel le donjon offers soundproofed rooms for up to 6 people.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and amenities.
elite palace hotel’s modern rooms all feature cable tv, a minibar, along with a work desk and seating area.
it includes free wi-fi in all areas, a fitness centre and a billiards table.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the family-run steeger weinstube is located in bacharach, in the upper middle rhine valley.
just a 2-minute walk from cicada market and tammarind market, kanya house offers cozy accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi throughout.
the property offers free private parking.
guests can also order room service, or enjoy light meals at the snack bar.
the property features free wifi throughout the property.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
the kitchen-dining area comes with a stovetop, an oven, a dishwasher and a coffee machine.
elvetia is centrally located in panagia, just a 5-minute drive from the golden beach.
the rooms at the residence inn miami airport south have a fully-equipped kitchen including a stove and a dishwasher.
espinho guesthouse provides a shuttle service to francisco sá carneiro international airport, located a 25-minute drive.
certain units feature views of the mountains or river.
towels and bed linen are available.
the scenic corfu town is 12 km away and ioannis kapodistrias international airport is 13 km away.
apartamentos cala llevadó offers a range of water sports, including sailing and scuba diving. there is also a mini golf course and a table tennis table.
featuring a 5d cinema which offers guests a unique experience, crazy river, wave pool and water coaster, the land of legends theme park offers a multi-sensory experience concept in antalya.
the hotel provides free scheduled shuttle service to the famous sm mall of asia, which is within 2 km away.
guests can enjoy mini-golf and tennis nearby.
subject to availability, free parking spots are available in the street.
paphos town lies within 10 km and paphos airport is located 17 km away.
humala holiday home provides free private parking available on site, and lennart meri tallinn is 25 km from the property.
agropoli is 15 km away
facilities available at the motel include a guest laundry and luggage storage.
free wi-fi is available in public areas, and a fitness centre is available.
the beaches at torre del mar are 8 km from the house and malaga airport is 48 km away.
avignon central train station is 3.9 km from the holiday home.
at cultural house you can spend relaxing moments on the shared terrace.
the apartment has 2 double bedrooms, with the option to add an additional bed for a surcharge.
in the mornings, a rich breakfast is served as an open buffet.
zolitude flat offers pet-friendly accommodation in rīga. guests benefit from balcony.
the heated rooms at la maison des prouges offer a view of the vineyards and include a tv.
some rooms provide a sofa in the seating area, and a bathtub in the attached bathroom.
estação das docas is 3.2 km away.
guests may enjoy light meals and refreshing beverages at the on-site pool bar.
featuring iron beds, all roza canina rooms offer views of the imposing mount astrakas.
guest house on samshitovaya is situated in khosta, 400 metres from history museum of khosta district and 1.6 km from caucasian state nature biosphere reserve.
guests can dine on the terrace or relax in the hotel gardens.
each room features a minibar, private bathroom and an lcd tv with satellite channels.
extras include a washing machine, bed linen and cleaning products.
every room includes a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
the coastal town of taormina, with its renowned beaches, is 20 km away.
occupying a prime riverfront location, green plaza offers elegant rooms with stunning views, flat-screen tvs and free wi-fi.
guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at hotel mansart.
it provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
guests will also appreciate flat-screen tvs, free wireless internet access and aveda bath products.
you can enjoy your breakfast with a cup of tea or coffee, accompanied with lake views.
kallithea village is at a distance of 15 km, while the villages of polychrono and pefkochori are 5 km away.
a beautifully preserved, grade ii listed building, the diplomat hotel has a convenient location, in a quiet residential area, just 5 minutes’ walk from belgrave square, home of many of the capital’s embassies.
you can catch a boat to the islands of ponza and ventotene from the marina 5 minutes' drive away.
guesthouse mala luce stobreč also includes a terrace.
the traditional apartments have a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher.
the uffizi gallery is 2.5 km away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out hajdúszoboszló folk house and museum, or the bell house with its unique bell collection 500 metres from the park apartman.
it offers stylish rooms with a bathtub and free wired internet access. complimentary parking is provided.
santavenere’s à la carte restaurant specialises in mediterranean cuisine.
due to its 100-year-old history, this air-conditioned villa is under protection as a cultural monument.
icelandic horses are for hire in nearby myrkholt. gljásteinn skálinn also sells hay for horses.
a buffet is served in the breakfast room at the blaue mühle every morning.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
it provides peaceful accommodation with free wifi internet access and free parking.
offering garden and pool views, all the 5-star well-appointed rooms features oriental-inspired themes with soothing colours and décor.
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking and cycling.
located in the heart of central mobile, this hotel features a daily continental breakfast with varying daily menu options and free wi-fi. guests will also be 2 miles from uss battleship alabama memorial park.
located in downtown lima, royal inn suites & spa offers comfortable rooms with tvs and private bathrooms. guests can enjoy spa facilities, a sauna and an indoor pool for a surcharge.
entertainment is provided at the hotel during the summer months, including special greek nights with traditional dancing.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher.
at şenlik pansiyon you will find a 24-hour front desk. safety deposit box is also provided in reception.
torquay foreshore caravan park is a beachfront campground located at the start of the picturesque great ocean road.
each one has a private bathroom, and most also have a balcony.
pai sukhothai resort is located 3 km away from sukhothai bus station and 12 km away from sukhothai historical park.
the area offers many restaurants, bars and shops within 500 metres of the property, and guests receive special discounts at local diners.
city center apartment tallinn is located 800 metres from the nearest shopping centre and 5 km from the tallinn airport.
the air-conditioned rooms at the hôtel de la monnaie offer views of the indoor courtyard or the old city encircled with fortifications.
wild wadi waterpark is 6 km from the property.
most rooms feature a hydromassage shower.
popular jigokudani snow monkey park is a 45-minute drive away.
free private parking is available on site.
free wi-fi is provided in the business centre.
bridgeview sydney self-contained apartment is equipped with air-conditioning, heating, a separate dining area and a renovated, gourmet kitchen with granite bench-tops, a bosch dishwasher, nespress coffee machine and coffee pods.
the accommodation is provided with free wifi, a satellite-tv with dvd-player, a hi-fi system, a terrace and a fireplace. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a coffee brewer and a microwave. there are three bedrooms with single beds, one with a double bed and two mattresses on the mezzanine.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
featuring floor-to-ceiling windows with garden views, seasons café offers hearty western buffets and light refreshments.
concierge services are provided at reception.
shops and restaurants are within 500 m.
breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and includes fresh fruit, bread and jam.
each lavish villa boasts sea views and has a fully equipped kitchen, lounge and dining area.
the sanna’s air-conditioned rooms feature a stylish interior design that combines traditional elements with an elegant modern décor.
simply furnished rooms come complete with satellite tv, work desk and private bathroom.
the tiled and fully equipped kitchens feature wooden cabinets and a stainless steel oven/hob and a microwave for self-catering guests.
there are several dining options within 600 metres.
this villa provides a kitchen equipped with a refrigerator, a microwave and kitchenware. an oven, a stove and barbecue facilities are also available at villa petit paradis.
you can play table tennis and children can romp around on the provided playground. a large trampoline, a swing and a sandpit are available as well.
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating systems and personal lockers.
located in paris' 9th district, 13-minutes' walk from sacré-coeur, les matins de paris & spa boasts a turkish bath and an indoor pool. guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
free wifi access and a shared kitchen are available in this coimbra hostel.
the seating area includes a sofa bed, a tv and a dining table.
hairdryers are available on request.
the tomas ruiz apartamento includes a patio and a washing machine.
apartments marko features free wifi throughout the property.
this four-bedroom accommodation will provide you with a tv, dvd-player and a hot tub.
the property offers free parking.
an airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge.
guests of the waldorf palace enjoy discounted rates at the nearby beach, equipped with parasols, sun loungers and changing rooms.
the ancient city of aptera is a 5-minute drive away, while the scenic town of chania with its venetian harbour is a 20-minute drive away.
a spacious outdoor swimming pool surrounded by palm trees, spa and gym facilities are offered in meta in an apartment-style complex with chic, modern décor.
there is also a sauna and a sun bed, and various massages are available as well.
the air-conditioned rooms of courtyard southwest/lakewood are decorated with warm colors. all rooms have a work desk, coffee and tea making facilities, and cable tv with premium movie channels.
lesquin airport is located 8 km away.
both the humanitas and san matteo hospitals are about 20 minutes' drive away.
hotel tunuyan is 200 metres from juan leon torres park.
it features a vast garden with outdoor pool, free bikes and bbq facilities.
guests will appreciate the additional conveniences included in some rooms, like microwaves.
the bar offers bio fair trade coffee.
private bathroom comes with a shower.
résidence les balcons du soleil offers accommodation located in peyragudes ski resort just 500 metres from the ski slopes with col de peyresourde just 1.9 km away.
all rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath and bidet.
holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 800 metres from cicos guesthouse, while dolphinarium is 1.1 km away.
situated in bang rak, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony with river views. the unit is 4 km from bangkok.
an american breakfast is served daily.
there are also several restaurants and cafés within a few minutes’ walk of the hotel.
rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the centre of malaga is 40 minutes’ from the property.
the hotel offers a heated indoor pool and rooms with a flat-screen tv.
located in shibei district, aishanghai serviced apartment zhonglian ziyougang is within a 5-minute walk of qingdao port passenger transport station.
at the end of the day, head to the lobby bar to relax with a drink or taste locally made raki, which is made available on tap or by the bottle.
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms.
the private bathroom features a walk-in shower and there is also a separated toilet.
free private parking is available on site.
surrounded by the mountains of the allgäu alps, the nesselwanger hof offers bright rooms, free wifi internet access and an indoor heated pool.
featuring air conditioning, apartment on stanislavskogo 8 offers accommodation in adler.
wifi in public areas is free.
paid public parking is also available.
it features shared kitchen facilities.
a rich buffet breakfast is served every morning in the dining room.
free wi-fi and free private parking are provided.
rooms are located in the old stables and barns of the farm.
with garden views, rooms come with a flat-screen tv and tiled floor.
rooms at the lefferts garden bed and breakfast are simply decorated in neutral colours and dark wood furnishings.
each room with colourful décor offers views as well as free towels and bed linen.
tasteful decorations and wooden floors make the apartments cosy.
each has a private bathroom with hairdryer and bathtub.
nice côte d'azur airport is located 14 km from the property.
the private bathroom comes with a bath tub.
located on the third floor with no lift, the apartment features a living area with a flat-screen tv, a clothes dryer, ironing facilities.
free car parking is provided.
surrounded by mountain peaks, iris flower hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with balconies and panoramic views of pine forests.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
ataturk airport is 20 km away.
some have views across the adriatic sea.
the pivate bathroom comes with a shower.
bed linen is provided.
each room includes a flat-screen tv. the bathroom comes with a shower.
it is about 14 km from the property to the city centre of duong dong.
the nearest airport is rijeka airport, 11 km from the property.
other facilities at prime rose include a terrace.
maison d'anse royale features free wifi .
the lake of banyoles is 5 km away from can solanas country house and activities as cycling, kayaking or fishing can be organized on request.
modern rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv offering cable channels.
coffee making facilities are also included.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the common tv room offers a dvd player and a movie library and a barbecue facility is available on-site.
there is also a small swimming pool for children.
enjoying great views of the river danube, the hotel wilder mann has elegant rooms with a flat-screen tv and wooden floors.
a communal children’s playground is available on site.
syros airport is 3 km away.
just a 10-minute walk from the beach and village, it offers en suite rooms with free wi-fi and parking.
located a short 5-minute walk from canela city centre and catedral de pedra de canela cathedral, casa charmosa serra gaúcha features bbq facilities, satellite tv and free wi-fi.
the rooms have a private bathroom.
the apartment will provide you with a balcony.
they all have a balcony with views of the aegean sea or the city. the apartments include a private kitchen.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
all rooms include a tv and free wifi.
set in siem reap, villa nissa offers accommodation that features free wifi, a swimming pool and on-site restaurant.
free wi-fi and breakfast are included.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in each unit. the apartment features free wifi.
the air-conditioned rooms feature flat-screen cable tv, cd player and telephone.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
the à la carte restaurant serves a selection of traditional turkish dishes and international cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
jomtien beach is 2.9 km from ban mai village, while mimosa pattaya is 5 km from the property.
the island of krk and its numerous touristic attractions can provide a perfect destination for a day boat trip.
windsor is 43 km from the murphy house, while novi is 22 km from the property.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries. the heated accommodations also have a wardrobe.
the b&b is around 30 km from porto san giorgio on the adriatic coast.
dormitories are decorated in different colour tones.
several cafés and supermarkets are also located in the surroundings of the accommodation.
the property features condos with a living room, dining room, fully equipped kitchen, fans, and bathroom with shower and toilet.
free wi-fi is available throughout the resort.
located in koper, guesthouse bertoki offers self-catering accommodation with a terrace and garden view.
free wifi is available.
you can participate in many outdoor activities close to the apart costa azul, such as hiking, cycling and swimming.
at hotel rudnik you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
11@century houses a restaurant and offers affordable accommodation with flat-screen tvs and free wi-fi access. situated opposite ksl city mall in johor bahru, it is 5 km from singapore city.
you will find a kettle in the room.
elgin cathedral historic ruins are a 15-minute walk away and elgin golf club is a 6-minute journey in the car.
featuring free wifi, loma ii gran canaria is situated in la playa de arguineguín, 11 km from playa del ingles. maspalomas is 9 km from the property.
situated a 5-minute drive away is the ho chi minh mausoleum, one pillar pagoda and temple of literature.
set in a tudor-style house, elizabeth’s manor is located in the central business district of potchefstroom.
the master bedroom suite comes with a spa bathroom and a walk-in closet.
you can also rent a bicycle from reception.
private bathroom provides a shower, bidet and free toiletries.
popular rocha beach is 11 km from the house.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
hua hin market village is 1.4 km from baan chidchaba, while hua hin clock tower is 2.8 km from the property.
it also has a bar set against their landscaped garden.
wroclaw – copernicus airport is 56 km away.
the living room is outfitted with a tv, dvd-player and a cd-player.
syracuse is 50 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
the studios all have a balcony with outdoor seating and garden views.
offering a garden and a terrace, hotel la tartaruga bianca offers peaceful and quiet accommodation located in valledoria, within 400 metres from the beach.
the kitchenette has a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
private rooms come with a wardrobe, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
there are hiking and cycling routes available from the reception for free.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
the hotel offers lunch and dinner meals, plus there is a variety of restaurants available with 300 metres from hotel merida santiago.
guests have free access to the heated indoor swimming pool and hot tub, which are open all year round.
the hotel offers a free breakfast and free high-speed internet access.
local tourist agencies organise excursions to skadarsko lake and the unesco-protected dubrovnik old city.
satellite tv, a telephone and parquet flooring feature in the modern guest rooms at hotel restaurant le terre neuvas.
concierge service, daily maid service and currency exchange can be requested at the 24-hour front desk.
it features a garden with outdoor pool, children's playground and bbq facilities.
the air-conditioned casa rural la serrana has 2 double rooms, 2 twin rooms and 1 quadruple room.
valencia has a good public bus network which will take you to malvarossa beach in around 45 minutes.
with classic decor, the studio comes with a tv and a kitchenette with a dining area.
phil hardberge park is within 4.7 km of the hotel.
it is a 10-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport.
this riad with a hammam and indoor pool offers elegant rooms with elements of islamic architecture.
at ergo hotel you will find a mini-mart, currency exchange and business centre.
bikes can be rented to explore the city.
this south hutchinson island hotel is adjacent to the fort pierce inlet.
a buffet or continental breakfast is served for guests staying in the rooms.
free private parking is available on site.
they are all air conditioned and include a satellite tv, iron facilities, safe and bathroom with hairdryer.
offering a restaurant and a private beach area, agnes lodge is located in munda.
there is luggage storage space at the property.
the apartment overlooks a communal garden.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
moskovsky train station is 7 minutes’ drive from mini mani hostel.
nam taley jomtien condominium offers accommodation in na jomtien. pattaya central is 8 km from the property.
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
this guest house is set within a farm, 2 km from sospel in the maritime alps.
some units have a terrace and/or balcony.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for windsurfing and diving.
the house is air-conditioned and features a kitchenette with an electric kettle and essential kitchenware.
in the garden you will find tables and chairs, where you can relax and enjoy the peaceful scenery.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
free public parking is possible nearby.
breakfast is served every morning in a nearby monterosso cafe.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
the kitchenette comes with an oven, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
it offers rooms with a tv, minibar and a seating area.
a cable tv is offered in each simply furnished guest room at fun city motel.
this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars and buses.
at neemrana's - deo bagh you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
some units feature a living room with fireplace or views of the aegean sea or mykonos town.
kayaking and canopy tours are available.
some rooms feature views of rock creek.
the air-conditioned apartments and rooms feature a balcony, cable flat-screen tv, and a safe.
it offers a terrace with barbecue and spacious rooms with free wi-fi, satellite tv and a kettle.
with a well-equipped gym, indoor pool, sauna, steam room, guests have free entry to a leisure club found 2 miles from the hotel.
stunning views of the sea can be enjoyed on the terrace with a cup of turkish tea or coffee.
gästehaus hugo offers a packed lunch service for guests wishing to explore the area.
guests at hostería del cerro can book massage sessions for an extra fee.
a flat-screen cable tv and a bathroom with towel-heaters are further features of the rooms.
free wifi is featured .
the aparthotel is a 15-minute drive from lisbon international airport.
it also has a piano bar and a pool bar which open seasonally.
set on 18 acres of native bushland, this luxurious 5-bedroom lodge is located on waiheke island.
the property features a sauna and a garden and offers free parking.
guest laundry facilities are located on the premises.
apartment na malozemelskaya 14a is an apartment set in novorossiysk, 3 km from tsentralny stadium.
towels and bed linen are also provided.
featuring 2 swimming pools, abigail apartment in peyia viilage offers self-catering accommodation with pool and garden views.
the hotel itself is well-equipped and also has a conference room suitable for meetings and training days.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
each of the rooms at childress inn is furnished with a seating area and a cable tv.
other services include laundry and tour arrangements.
triglav national park is 15 km away and the adriatic sea can be reached within 70 km from the property.
new mexico mining museum is 6.4 km from travelodge grants.
they have a classic design from the 1900s and feature a wrought-iron bed.
apartment malá strana is set in prague, 600 metres from charles bridge.
parking is possible for free.
nestled in a 6-hectare park only a 5-minute drive from the beach, the château hôtel du colombier dates back to the 18th century and combines historical charm with modern comforts.
belmonte is a family-run chalet in ischgl, just a few minutes’ walk from silvretta ski area.
offering a barbecue and ski storage space, pid goroyu is set in chorna tysa in the transcarpathia region, 9 km from bukovel. free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
strategically located in front of the beach, gran colonial riviera offers accommodation in piriápolis.
the beautifully decorated 2-bedroom apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
bern is 65 km from la ferme des fées, while fribourg is 80 km away. balle is situated 30 km away and bienne and biel are reachable within a 20-minute drive.
all rooms have a shared bathroom with a shower, while a common lounge is at guests' disposal.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
baixa/chiado metro station is a 5-minute walk and offers connections throughout the city.
apartments ilsia offers free parking.
hiking trails start at the doorstep and brig is 24 km from the jentsch haus.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out napfény beach (400 metres) and balatonlelle train station (50 metres).
guests have free parking and the nearest bus stop is just 350 metres away for destinations around the lake.
holiday home højvangen ebeltoft i is located in ebeltoft and it can accommodate up to six guests.
a balcony offers pool views.
cicada market and hua hin night market are both a 10-minute drive away.
mataram square hotel houses a restaurant and modern air-conditioned rooms, a 10-minute drive from mataram mall.
a bus, with direct links to pisa train station, stops 50 metres from il campanile.
each room provides a seating area for guests to relax in and a flat-screen tv to enjoy.
the m7 motorway can be reached in just 5 minutes.
the cosy restaurant features an open fire with exposed stone features and serves open buffets and regional gourmet cuisine.
free wifi is provided .
free wi-fi access is available.
this villa includes a living room with tv and dvd player, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher.
an airport shuttle is available to port elizabeth airport, only 10 minutes’ drive away.
each unit has a fully equipped kitchen or a kitchenette.
the unit is 2.7 km from hermitage museum.
there is a seating area with a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a bathroom with a shower.
the property is near the public ski bus to the alpe cermis slopes, 2 km away.
lek house comfortable rooms with a cable tv.
it is 1 km from klong nin beach and 4 km from ba kan tieng bay.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property has a garden and a ski storage room with boot drying facilities. private parking is available on site free of charge.
a garden surrounds the property and the local thermal baths are within 1 km.
cross-country skiing tracks are a 5-minute drive away and there is an ice rink in the centre of bad gastein.
the beachfront cavo d’ oro hotel is set amidst landscaped gardens of palm trees and bougainvilleas and offers self-catering accommodation with sea or garden views.
some have a wooden beamed ceiling or access to a terrace.
breakfast is served every morning in the restaurant, which also has a small menu card with swiss specialities and various daily specials.
the other swimming pool is one of the largest in rhodes and features a diving board and a slide, as well as hydrotherapy equipment.
this modern holiday home in gortipohl in the montafon valley includes a garden with barbecue facilities and a large balcony overlooking the mountains.
located off i-81, this carlisle hotel offers rooms with free wi-fi, flat-screen tv and mp3 connection.
the light house offers free secure parking on site and a secure, locked area for bicycles and motorcycles.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
pensjonat belona is located in dziwnów, within a 2-minute walk from dziwna lagoon and the beach.
set in pretty gardens, it offers an outdoor pool, a terrace, scenic sea and countryside views and a free airport shuttle.
the hotel is situated by the gdańsk-bydgoszcz-inowrocław-konin road.
each room at hôtel les mimosas includes a fan, a closet and a tv.
yevpatoriya train station is 2.2 km away, and simferopol international airport is 62.5 km from zolotoi linkor guest house.
each has a flat-screen tv and coffee-making facilities.
hanoi hoa duong hostel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom in hanoi.
the lounge area has a sofa and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
a garden with barbecue facilities and a table tennis are available.
hotel istanbul is 30 metres from the museum of theatre and cinema, and 500 metres from the marjinashvili theatre.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
friends house sits 600 metres from larcomar shopping centre and 18 km from jorge chavez international airport.
dining at bistro-bar le quatre- temps is available and spacious rooms include free wi-fi.
towels are provided.
free wi-fi access and free parking are available.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
tan son nhat international airport is also 5 km away.
a daily cleaning service is available free of charge.
featuring free wi-fi and a shared kitchenette, this design hostel is located 5 minutes’ walk from chernyshevskogo metro station.
the kitchen is stocked with breakfast items for guests’ use.
odda is 53 km away, while trolltunga is 69 km from hardanger rom & harmonium.
airport shuttle is possible at a surcharge.
the unit’s equipped kitchenette, where guests are welcome to prepare their own meals.
castel sant’angelo is a 15-minute walk away.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, the air-conditioned hotel has a restaurant serving breakfasts and mediterranean cuisine.
you will find free shuttle service and shops at the property.
it offers free wi-fi, a varied breakfast and rustic-style accommodation.
freewifi access is available.
there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer; and the bathroom is completed with a hairdryer.
free parking is possible.
the natters swimming lake is 5 km away.
located on a 5-hectare park in the loire valley, this 19th-century country house is 3.5 km from nevers.
country house on karla marksa also includes a sauna and fitness centre.
meals are served as an open buffet at the main restaurant.
the guest house offers a bar and snack bar.
chester, crewe and shrewsbury are less than 25 miles away.
hotel restaurant du cheval blanc is located in minot in the côte d’or department in the heart of burgundy, a 1-hour drive from dijon.
a full kitchen and fireplace are featured in all of the spacious apartments at plaza condominiums. a cable tv with dvd player and a washer and tumble dryer are provided in all units.
the garden provides barbecue facilities and a children’s playground, a ski storage room, and also offers free private parking.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi access and serves continental breakfast in the morning.
it features a private pool, as well as indoor and outdoor dining areas.
within only 40 metres, you will find a super market.
set overlooking the mediterranean sea on the costa blanca, the hotel guardamar is ideal for a family holiday in the sunshine, equipped with a small outdoor swimming pool.
bed linen, towels and a hairdryer are provided.
little suite-victoire also comes with an open-plan kitchenette. it includes a fridge, an oven and a microwave. an electric kettle and a coffee machine are also provided for your convenience.
all rooms have a shared bathroom.
the riga international airport is within 13 km.
offering a free outdoor pool and a sun terrace, oberwirtshof has rooms with a satellite flat-screen tv. with free wi-fi and free bikes, it is located in rifiano.
with its hilltop position in the hamlet of montepertuso and right above positano, le ghiande b&b offers a patio with 6-seater hot tub and free wi-fi.
alternatively, you can visit the nearby health resort of treuchtlingen, only 3km away.
the main swimming pool at jardines del gamonal is surrounded by gardens, which are ideal for sunbathing.
hotel restaurant walliser sonne enjoys a quiet location at the forest’s edge in the village of gluringen, near the alpine passes of fürka, grimsel and nufenen.
tver train station is 6 km from the hotel.
guests enjoy homemade meals, plus hydrotherapy activities, carriage rides, goat farming and bonfires at night.
take part in outdoor activities and enjoy the space of the hotel's surroundings, and its views.
set in an old farmhouse, penzion na statku is located the the village of chudoslavice in the litoměřice region.
car rental services are also available.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a coffee brewer and a microwave.
a separate ski storage room is available at hotel silver.
bicycles are available to rent on prior request.
guests can appreciate the daily breakfast that consists of a selection of hot and cold drinks, fruits and different types of bread in the breakfast room.
the rooms also offer satellite tv with added german channels, a safe and a ceiling fan.
an italian restaurant is located on site.
you will find him at the premises during check-in and check-out time.
each has a flat-screen satellite tv.
the units of vision apartments waffenplatzstrasse have a private entrance and wooden floors. they come with a private bathroom, a flat-screen cable tv and a kitchen or a kitchenette.
breakfast is available daily at an extra cost. it can be served in the comfort of your room, in the breakfast room or in the garden.
maritime lounge features light snacks and drinks.
the air-conditioned rooms come with garden views, a tv and a refrigerator.
all rooms have a tv.
guests are provided with items for a sweet breakfast.
the nearest airport is lugano airport, 77 km from the property.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
there is also a rowboat for free for guests to use.
each villa or suite has a kitchenette with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee machine and each is equipped with a bbq.
representing a different european city, each air-conditioned room has differently coloured walls while select rooms have a terrace or balcony.
el arenal is 44 km from hotel cala ferrera, while playa de palma is 46 km from the property.
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
features include a tennis court, 2 adult and 2 children’s pools.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a tour desk and luggage storage.
bungalows at cabañas & hospedaje villarrica borde lago are equipped with kitchen and bbq facilities.
the restaurant specialises in traditional elba cuisine.
the property boasts views of the garden and is 3.3 km from isola bianca harbour.
guests benefit from balcony.
smoking and non-smoking accommodations are offered.
enjoying a quiet location in axams, appartement schlössl is set in a former farm house which has been renovated.
offering an outdoor pool, villa natura is located in the mountain of calpe, the beach is a 12-minute drive away.
pension sonnberg has a garden with barbecue facilities and a children’s playground.
pastries, eggs and hot drinks feature in the buffet breakfast served daily.
casa baron offers self-catering units in san vito lo capo, just a 15-minute walk from the coast and its beautiful beaches.
after a restful night of sleep, guests can take advantage of the fitness center or go for a swim in the indoor pool.
free wi-fi access is available.
cuil-an-daraich guest house has a relaxed home-from-home atmosphere and beautiful views that overlook the river tay.
several have a shared bathroom.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing.
talca airport is located 10 km away.
all en suite rooms are air-conditioned and are equipped with a satellite flat-screen tv.
ubud monkey forest is 5 km from putri villa, while elephant cave is 6 km away.
located in fortaleza, beach apartment emílio hinko offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre.
it is located on the shores of the sea of azov, close to the kuban river’s delta.
staff can help arrange fishing, canoeing and skiing activities.
bačvice sandy beach is just 400 metres away and it features various beach bars and vivid nightlife.
a typical italian breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room. it includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino and sweet pastries.
offering a terrace and sauna, rybino guest house is situated in krasnaya polyana. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area. there is a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
outdoor furniture and a tv with a dvd player are included in this spacious home.
the hotel is just a few minutes’ walk from local restaurants and shops, and boats can be rented 300 metres from the property.
at ayu guest house guests will find shared kitchen and living room.
guests of the wilkes-barre days inn can enjoy a newspaper or free cup of coffee in the 24-hour lobby.
it is a short 2-minute walk from hangzhou international conference centre and the grand theatre.
esmeralda praia hotel has spacious rooms with a large balcony, air conditioning, cable tv and minibar.
various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5-minute walk.
offering an outdoor pool and terrace, hotel sandjaja is set in palembang in the sumatra region, 2 km from ampera bridge.
this family-run hotel is located opposite a stop of local buses and ski buses, linking with bolzano and both the carezza and alpe di siusi ski areas.
the hotel am kurpark's spa area includes a finnish sauna, a steam room and a solarium.
the zadar main bus station is located at a distance of 5 km.
other facilities like dry cleaning is offered.
built in typical high-tatras style, each bungalow has 2 floors and features wooden walls and wood-panelled walls.
the wellness hotel villa siesta is situated in the mountainous scene in the heart of the high tatras - in nový smokovec.
other facilities like meeting facilities are offered.
free private parking is possible on spot.
a generous sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily with homemade cakes, eggs, and vegetables.
the hotel provides a gym and business center. guests at omaha airport la quinta inn & suites can use the on-site laundry facilities as well.
offering views of the ionian sea and the garden, all studios at filoxenia are spacious and simply furnished.
refreshing workouts can be enjoyed at the fitness centre and free shuttle services to taipei nangang exhibition hall are available.
featuring free wifi and a barbecue, the bayon villa offers accommodation in siem reap.
parking is available at the on-site garage, at an extra charge.
room service is available.
situated in the guarapari centre, it offers free wi-fi and valet parking.
various restaurants can be found in the vicinity.
this hotel is less than 15 minutes’ drive from decatur city centre.
duca di mantova provides modern rooms with lcd tvs and free wi-fi access.
senai airport is a 45-minute drive away.
all rooms of the quo vadis feature air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower.
each room here will provide you with a tv and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
the inn includes well-appointed rooms with free wifi.
additional facilities at amalia include a tennis table.
the restaurants and nightlife of the beale street historic district is 8 minutes’ walk away.
just 200 metres from caraíva beach, mangue sereno is surrounded by tropical gardens and offers free wi-fi.
situated in braşov, within a 10-minute walk from the black church and the council square, castel iezer features a garden with a children's playground and a terrace.
centrally located in florence, arrighetti is a very spacious self-catering apartment housed in a historic building.
room service is available at a surcharge.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ronald reagan's park, just 500 metres away, and gdansk zaspa train station, 2.8 km from the property. gdansk lech walesa airport is located 11 km away.
free wifi is provided throughout.
the suites provide sofa beds.
restaurants, the national railway museum, the shambles, jorvik viking centre, the castle museum and york rail station are all less than 15 minutes away on foot.
guests can use the swimming pools and a wellness centre at the nearby corinthia hotel.
some also feature a comfortable seating area.
nearest grocery shop, restaurants and bars are steps away from the property.
dubrovnik apartments kovacec is situated on the lapad peninsula, a short walk from dubrovnik old town.
the best western mercedes is just a 2-minute walk from wagram metro station and a 10-minute walk from parc monceau.
rooms offer free wi-fi and an lcd tv.
bačvice beach can be reached in 1.5 km, while obojena beach is 1.9 km away.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for snorkeling and windsurfing.
free parking is available.
all rooms offer a balcony or patio, some with stunning ocean views.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
boasting a large garden with an outdoor pool, cabañas valle fertil is located in san agustín de valle fértil.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv.
the avenue pattaya is 1.3 km from the corner lodge, while central festival pattaya beach is 1.6 km from the property.
the shores of lake trasimeno can be reached in a 1-hour drive.
offering a barbecue, bon apart is set in trabzon, 8 km from hagia sophia museum.
guests can enjoy meals at the on-site restaurant.
the kitchen is well-equipped with a stove, fridge, microwave and electric kettle.
it offers a private beach and sea-view rooms.
tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 400 metres from freedom square hostel.
a breakfast buffet including waffles, pancakes, oatmeal, and sandwiches is served each morning.
the property has a children’s playground and bbq facilities.
outdoor cooking and lounging areas are provided.
the rooms come with air conditioning and a desk.
yaroslavl’s city centre with the yaroslav mudry monument and the transfiguration monastery is 20 minutes’ ride by public transport, and poligrafkombinat bus stop is 160 metres away.
la casona de éboli is situated in the town of santorcaz, 50 km from madrid.
the surrounding countryside is great for hiking and cycling.
fes-boulemane airport is 38 km away.
you can sunbathe on the hotel's spacious terrace and relax in the bar and tv lounge.
a fireplace, seating area and flat-screen tv with dvd player and ipod dock is featured in all.
a business centre is also available.
kirchberg village centre can be reached in the same time.
all rooms in this apartment include a fan and flat-screen tv with cable channels.
1854, the maplegrove inn is located in riverside.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
lauro carneiro de loyola airport is 81 km away.
cool drinks are available at e-bar and cigar lounge.
the main bus station and ferry port are located 3 km away. dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 20 km.
boomerang hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
two parking places are available on the plot.
the hotel also offers car hire.
vending machines for drinks and snacks are available.
several nearby restaurants are red lobster, don pablos, max & erma’s and olive garden.
the dolce vita funchal shopping centre is a 9-minute drive and features shops, boutiques, cinemas and an ample food court.
the luxurious sofitel le louise is around the corner from avenue louise, 100 metres from the louise metro station.
extras include bed linen.
located in the heart of lisbon, guest house guerra junqueiro is 300 metres from the alameda metro station and offers free wifi in all areas.
towels and bed linen are provided.
st. stephen's basilica is 1.1 km from budabest apartments, while hungarian parliament building is 1.3 km away.
guests can relax at a patio with seating area.
at caravanverhuur rennesse you will find free shuttle service, a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
they come equipped with safe, a desk and a flat-screen tv.
the goebelsmuhle train station is a 5-minute drive from s.c.i rannerbaach.
surrounded by bavaria’s scenic allgäu alps, this spa hotel in bad hindelang offers an attractive range of wellness services and hearty regional cuisine.
breakfast with local produce is served each morning in the comfort of your room.
computers, a public kitchen, and barbecue facilities are also available for use.
apartament olimpiiskiy park is an apartment situated in adler, 6 km from sochi discovery world aquarium.
lecco is a 30-minute drive from rooms delfino blu, while bellagio is 35 km away.
located in karlovy vary, 100 metres from saint peter and paul’s orthodox church and 650 metres from mill colonnade, 7k-apartmán sadová provides an equipped accommodation with balcony.
apartments sonata is located in a residential complex in yekaterinburg, with a large interior courtyard and various walking paths.
offering a retreat from the busy streets of siem reap, the family-owned la maison borann boutique hotel features a cooling outdoor saltwater pool.
bed linen and towels are included in the price.
it provides modern rooms with air conditioning and flat-screen cable tv.
boasting a water park, a private beach area and a fitness centre, jpark island resort & waterpark cebu offers luxurious rooms on the beachfront of mactan.
there is a shared dining room with a kitchen equipped with barbecue, oven, tv and a seating area where guests can relax while having a coffee.
art hotel managua is a property offering its guests free breakfast with the rate.
thanks to its location, many restaurants, pubs and shops are within 200 metres from 24w old town.
lavige apartments offers accommodation in tallinn, 800 metres from tallinn harbour terminals. the property boasts views of the city and is a 5-minute walk away from tallinn old town.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
caravat garden café provides light refreshments and drinks.
located only 50 metres away from a sandy beach strip and the mediterranean sea, motel hofim provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
guests receive a discount at the spa area with sauna, located a 2-minute walk away at a partner hotel.
located in central ma'ufanga, 'utu' one christian b&b offers rooms with a balcony, free wi-fi and free continental breakfast.
rooms at the montroi city hotel are decorated in a contemporary style, with touches of bold colour.
the shared bathroom offers shower facility.
the beautiful iztuzu beach is only 5 km from the hotel.
the property is part of a 16,000m2 park with a children’s playground, barbecue facilities, and volleyball, football and badminton areas.
all rooms include a private bathroom.
all guests receive a tourist card for free guided hikes and free entry to many local attractions.
the sandy beaches of torre vado are 3.5 km away, while san gregorio is a 10-minute drive from the bed and breakfast.
a traditional wood oven and barbecue facilities are also provided.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, pokoje gościnne natalia ii is situated in mosty in the pomerania region.
the apartment is 100 metres from fountain square.
set 500 metres from lambada club in mtwapa, global african aparthotel features a restaurant, bar and free wifi throughout the property. free private parking is available on site.
tivat airport is 15 km away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out são benedito church (4,8 km) and saltinho biological reserve (8,7 km).
sporthotel monte pana offers rooms with mountain and garden views.
various water sports are available on the hotel’s private beach.
situated in a quiet corner of kettlewell with picturesque views of upper wharfedale, this large edwardian house has free wi-fi and free parking on site.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the air-conditioned rooms at the resort are fitted with a balcony and hardwood furniture.
trips to the exotic isles of scilly can be taken from the heliport, which is just 7 minutes’ drive from chiverton house.
with simple furnishings, all units include air conditioning, a minibar and flat-screen tv.
there is a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and hairdresser's at the property.
the two-bedroom apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen, a dining area, a seating area with a sofa, and a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
coming with open-plan layout and quality furniture of minimalist style, the beautifully furnished apartments at olympic tower somerset feature luxurious décor and full kitchen facilities.
the kitchen includes a microwave and a coffee machine.
apartment gaudí bcn is a 15-minute walk from catalunya national theater, and plaza catalunya square is 5 metro stations from the property.
some units have a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
overlooking burgeaux and simpson bay, beacon hill towers offers spacious, fully-equipped 2-storey villas with spectacular sea views and free wi-fi.
it includes croissants, cakes and fresh fruit.
a restaurant serving a local specialties can also be found within the 5-minute walk.
extras include satellite channels and cable channels.
the living space includes a flat-screen satellite tv, dvd player, dining area and sofa.
utapao-rayong-pataya international airport is 30 km away.
it takes a 10-minute drive from the property to seminyak beach and getting to bali denpasar international airport will take around 30 minutes by car.
wifi is free, while bikes can be rented on site.
sightseeing arrangements and car rental services are available at the tour desk.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
be my guest b&b is 5 minutes' drive from pukekura park and stadium taranaki.
a bus stop (line r) is right outside the garni-technikerhaus, providing direct connections to innsbruck main train station.
budva is 18 km away.
guests can take ferries to the aran islands 30 km away.
it has 2 restaurants to choose from as well as free wi-fi and free private parking.
select rooms boast views of the sea.
built in 1926, this dupont circle boutique hotel overlooks rock creek park. it is a 10-minute walk from both the woodley park-zoo metro station and the dupont circle metro station.
all air-conditioned accommodation offers a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine.
a 15-minute walk from kuta beach, suris boutique hotel offers luxurious rooms with private balconies.
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet, including yoghurt, fresh fruit, and cold cuts.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bidet.
the moubra bus station is 50 metres away.
some accommodations have a mountain view.
the wellness centre also features a solarium, hot tub and massage room.
luggage storage service is provided and airport transfers can be arranged.
each of the self-catering units comes with a fully-equipped kitchenette, bedroom, garden and a furnished terrace.
this hotel is located close to interstate 95 and next to westwood shopping center.
you can relax in the garden, or enjoy a relaxing drink at the bar.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the private bathroom includes a shower and toilet.
mitsui garden hotel kashiwa is located in chiba, a 2-minute walk from the east exit of jr kashiwa station.
the nearest airport is mcghee tyson airport, 66 km from the property.
relax on the loungers with a view over the hotel’s japanese garden.
the unit’s bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and shower facilities.
homemade bread, local cheese and fruits are served for buffet breakfast every morning.
in the surrounding area it is also possible to find a variety of restaurants and cafés.
there are shops at the property.
hay baths and cosmetic treatments can also be booked.
the apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open and covered terrace.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the nearby harz national park enables guests to participate in numerous outdoor activities.
agur waterfalls is 8 km from svetlana guesthouse, while sochi circus is 14 km from the property.
breakfast is provided and common kitchen facilities are featured.
alberta cottage has a double bedroom and a bathroom with both a bath and a shower.
holiday home voldervej is located in lemvig. the property can accommodate up to twenty-one guests.free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a private patio with a view of the pool or gulf is featured in every spacious room at west wind inn.
some have a scenic view of the lake.
fax and photocopying services are also available upon request.
a tv and dvd player are featured.
big family apartment and rooms is located in the 07. erzsébetváros district in budapest, 700 metres from dohany street synagogue and 900 metres from hungarian national museum.
cornavin train station, in the centre of geneva, is just 15 minutes away from the phoenix hotel.
in the heart of the west yorkshire pennines, just off the m62 motorway, this traditional 3-star hotel combines friendly, traditional service with excellent facilities and delicious italian food.
homemade croissants, cakes and tasty pasticciotto leccese pastries are baked every morning and served for breakfast in the large and elegant living room.
each offers a private furnished patio, along with cooking hobs and a coffee machine.
the garden offers free barbecue facilities and an outdoor seating and dining area.
pescara is reachable by car in 50 minutes.
the beautiful medieval town of rothenburg ob der tauber is only 7 km away.
it features free wi-fi and tea/coffee facilities.
a launderette is available as well.
santa maria della pace is 200 metres from b&b millefiori, while duomo nuovo is 300 metres away.
spoleto is 40 km from the property.
cosy air-conditioned rooms at camelot hotel are equipped with a cable tv, minibar and carpeted flooring.
all units have a kitchen with a dining area, sofa seating and a satellite tv.
the property is 1-minute walk from agung rai museum of art, a 5-minute walk from ubud monkey forest and a 2.5-hour drive from bali denpasar international airport.
the artists' colony of schwalenberg is also nearby.
adler-sochi international airport is 4 km away.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower.
suites with a separate seating area and spa bath are available.
free private parking is possible on site.
it takes 15 minutes to drive to belorussky train station, from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress.
the coastal town of hastings is 14.5 miles away.
it includes a seating and a dining area, 2 bedrooms and a bathroom.
free wifi access is available.
the panoramic terrace of the luna di marzo offers views of the cinque terre's steep cliffs.
property direct marethea apartment is an apartment situated in larnaca, 1.1 km from saint lazarus church. the property features views of the sea and is 1.2 km from agios lazaros byzantine museum.
buses to the city centre run from the bus stop, 100 metres away.
the en suite bathroom includes tadelakt walls and zellij tiles.
providing free private parking, locanda da vittorio is a 10-minute walk from the shores of lake garda.
guesthouse inn is 2 miles from union university and 3 miles from old hickory mall and rock a billy hall of fame.
the fully-equipped kitchen has a dining area, an oven, refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher.
there is a patio with an outdoor dining area, perfect for al fresco meals or a glass of wine.
colobus conservation is 5 km from diani banda, while kaya kinondo sacred forest is 11 km away.
the bathroom includes a deep bathtub and luxurious french toiletries.
moreover, the hotel is an ideal place to stay to discover orléans and all the attractions of the area, such as the castles.
split airport is 20 km away.
daily breakfast is offered buffet style.
during summer, you can swim for free in the pool with views of the surrounding countryside.
all the air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer, a bathrobe and a bath or shower.
there is a seating area with a sofa and satellite tv. the kitchen has an oven, microwave, fridge and electric hob.
this hotel is located a 1-hour drive from geneva.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
guarulhos international airport is 74 km away.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities, luggage storage and vending machine.
several shopping malls are located minutes away. a variety of restaurants, entertainment options and cocktail lounges are located in the surrounding area.
some guest rooms also include a minibar.
gorgeous brunswick is a holiday home located in the heart of vibrant, eclectic hove, just off the seafront and a short walk from hove's high quality shops, cafés, restaurants and bars.
en suite bathrooms come with bathtub and hot shower facilities.
the air-conditioned rooms are decorated with earthy tones and include a flat-screen tv. they also have a fridge, a safety deposit box and a bathroom with a hairdryer.
the colourful villa comes with 2 double bedrooms, 3 bedrooms with single beds and 3 bathrooms with shower and hairdryer.
villa de hura is a 20-minute drive from orio al serio airport.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
guests are just 5.4 km from svendborg golf club, and cycling can be enjoyed in the surrounding countryside.
it has a shared kitchen equipped with a stove, fridge, electric kettle and toaster.
the pristine phewa lake is just 600 metres away.
a variety of massages are available at an additional cost.
you will find a kettle in the room.
massage services are available at tucson joesler historic inn.
qingdao happy bird nest qianhai huayuan offers affordable accommodation in qingdao.
free parking is available on site.
the property is 400 metre from hua hin market village and 1.7 km from hua hin railway station.
the birthplace of sri adi shankara, kalady is 5 km.
all units feature a balcony with mountain views, satellite tv and a private bathroom.
the nearest airports are klagenfurt and graz airport, both within 70 km of gasthof wabitsch.
several restaurants, bars and clubs are within a 10 minute walk.
a fitness room and a sauna can also be enjoyed on site.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
guests can relax in les suites du lac's gardens and on the terrace furnished with deck chairs.
air-conditioned guest rooms feature spacious interiors with modern furnishings. each is equipped with a work desk, a personal safe and satellite television.
each room at hotel laghetto viverone moinhos is air-conditioned and features modern décor.
the guestrooms at the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv. guests may find an electric kettle.
various trips are possible not far from aurora studia.
luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
elk ridge ski area is 5.3 km from rodeway inn & suites downtowner-rte 66.
the spacious rooms at schloss schorssow include impressionist paintings, a minibar and a private bathroom.
the apartinn apartments and suites all feature a private bathroom, satellite tv and a seating area.
the podere dell'anselmo's restaurant serves typical tuscan cuisine along with the farm's own wine produced on site.
featuring an outdoor pool, condominio la marina de algarrobo offers accommodations in algarrobo.
miramonti is a 10-minute walk from iseo train station. brescia is 25 km away.
all rooms feature air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
offering a restaurant, a bar and a 24-hour front desk, hotel dacia is located in curtea de argeş. free wifi access is available in the rooms, and free private parking is possible on site.
benefitting from a quiet location, this 3-star-superior hotel is close to ulm’s town hall, historic city centre and famous münster.
it offers free acces to the fitness room, sauna and wifi.
free parking spaces are available on site.
all rooms include a tv with satellite channels.
restaurants and cafes are 1 km away.
the hotel is 2.5 km from jiuzhai valley national park and 4 km from jiuzhaigou bus station.
every room is equipped with satellite tv and a refrigerator.
a number of dining options is a short walk away.
free private parking is provided on site.
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
set amidst tropical gardens, just 50 metres from marmari beach, the 4-star sandy beach features a freshwater swimming pool, a poolside bar and a restaurant. facilities also include an open-air theatre, a fitness centre and a lounge room with satellite tv.
the accommodation comes with a satellite flat-screen tv.
all rooms at the petite verneda guest house are equipped with heating and wooden floors.
the kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
the church of the jesuit order is 400 metres from apartment on doroshenka 25, while latin cathedral is 400 metres from the property.
cebit is 1.4 km from private apartment karlsruher strasse (6018), while expo plaza hannover is 1.9 km from the property.
the surrounding eichwald forest is ideal for hiking.
the noa residence in oxford offers self-catering apartments just one mile from the city centre.
bodenmais is 22 km from gästehaus fidelis, while sankt englmar is 22 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries.
madsens vej hvide sande xii is located in hvide sande.
hotel sweet home provides accommodation just 100 metres from termini train station.
parking is provided on site.
there is also a washing machine.
pancard clubs ltd, pune, is within 15 km from shivajinagar railway station and shivajinagar commercial district.
rooms are also equipped with a satellite tv and telephone.
all rooms at balneario de villavieja feature air conditioning and heating. each is equipped with a flat-screen tv, telephone and free wi-fi.
universal studios is 5.4 km away, while ucla is 6.5 km from the property.
the air-conditioned unit is 500 metres from people's square - pjaca, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
food is served every day at the white horse, with homemade pies, sandwiches, jacket potatoes and traditional favourites featuring on the menu.
a 5-minute walk from rome's piazza bologna square, roma gaia bed and breakfast offers en suite rooms. bologna metro station on line b is 400 metres from this property.
all apartments come with full laundry facilities and has a balcony with views.
the on-site restaurant on the first floor serves delicious cuisine with an appropriate menu.
malaga airport is 130 km from the property.
a shuttle to the airport can arranged upon request.
the attached bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
ormos athinios port lies within 24 km from oia's retreat, while santorini national airport is 20 km away.
there is free parking, a guest lounge and an a la carte breakfast on offer.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the on-site restaurant is open on reservation and serves local specialities.
apartment florence 1 is a self-catering accommodation located in florence. the property is 300 metres from sant'ambrogio market and 800 metres from convent of san marco.
offering air-conditioned suites, seorak kumho resort features a restaurant, fitness centre, and 24-hour front desk in peaceful mountains 5 km from sokcho’s centre.
there are four private bathrooms that come with a shower.
enjoy the cuisine in the brasserie, the boulevard outdoor restaurant (open in summer), or the sperber bar.
katholische akademie is 500 metres from regensburg cathedral regensburg and the old stone bridge.
featuring free wifi, apartment at m. gorkogo street offers pet-friendly accommodation in penza.
international dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant, and drinks from the bar can be enjoyed in the garden.
the restaurant has a terrace overlooking sant vicenç church.
the property can assist with car rental services.
u-tapao international airport is located 24 km away.
sporthotel wastlhof features a children’s playground in the garden and a games room with a game console.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
this apart hotel offers simple, practical accommodation with free wi-fi only 800 metres from beto carreiro world amusement park.
the bathroom offers natural daylight and a bathtub.
bed linen and towels are provided.
situated in the peñarrubia valley, this early 20th century colonial-style building offers fully-equipped rustic apartments, with spectacular views of the picos de europa mountains. free parking is available.
many dining options, shops and a varied nightlife can be found in san antonio.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
kenichi pacific and the aloha theatre are 2 miles away.
in the heart of grand-morin valley and set a large park with a river, le moulin de pommeuse is a guest house nestled in a former watermill built in the 14th century.
free parking is provided.
a golf course is 900 metres away.
on weekends, breakfast is served until 12:00 so that you can sleep in and enjoy your room.
guests can find various shops and entertainment at the old bazaar, located 1 km away.
free parking is available on site.
dorms feature individual curtains for privacy.
it offers free wi-fi, an on-site restaurant and fresh rooms with cable tv and a minibar.
the apartment features a tv with satellite channels and a kitchenette. a dining table is available as well.
these comfortable and bright apartments are located 10 minutes’ walk from los bateles beach in conil de la frontera.
rooms are simple yet comfortable.
the property is 12 miles from the dan-yr-ogof caves and 10 miles from the wales ape and monkey sanctuary.
minsk national airport is 41 km from hospitality.by apartments.
guests have access to free private parking and free wi-fi available throughout the property.
the restaurant is open to the public and serves mediterranean dishes made with local ingredients.
centrally located, salernoprestige is just a 5-minute walk from salerno train station, bus station and ferry harbour.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with bbq facilities, locanda bandini offers self-catering apartments in sigliano, a 10-minute drive from città della pieve.
all types of restaurants and bars can be found within a walking distance.
each accommodation unit comes with a microwave.
located in kos town, to spiti tis irinis offers self-catered accommodation with a kitchenette.
the private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
this hotel has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
apartments and rooms bilić is set only 300 metres from impressive pula roman amphitheatre.
tasteful en suite rooms include a flat-screen tv with freeview channels, a free hot drinks tray and newspaper.
bay view suites are available.
featuring air conditioning, kostas apartments offers pet-friendly accommodation in stalida.
villa milou is situated only 5 km from wonderboom aerodrome, and 15 km from the union buildings.
overlooking atlantic beach golf estate’s 16th faiway and a natural lake, tranquility base luxury guest house features a heated swimming pool, hot tub and sauna.
each comprises a kitchen or a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, yangshuo xijiekou hotel boutiques offers accommodation in yangshuo.
kaya kinondo sacred forest is 10 km from diani wonder apartments.
it offers free wi-fi and parking.
the rooms have shared bathrooms and lockers for guests’ belongings.
guests can store or rent ski equipment at the seasonal shop or relax in the full-service elevation spa.
free wi-fi access is available.
guests have access to a free-use fitness centre, chargeable sauna and spa at the classic 500.
a complimentary breakfast including baked goods, waffles, french toast, yogurt, and cereals is served each morning at longview baymont inn and suites.
it is just 3 km from sarimsakli beach.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
set in a grand grade ii listed building in southampton’s city centre, town or country - imperial apartments is opposite oxford street’s cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
located in a tranquil area in pirin resort and offering views of the golf course and pirin mountain, terra complex offers well-appointed rooms and apartments, allocated in four detached buildings named - main building pirin with all facilities, rila, rodopi and balkan.
the property offers free parking.
pleasure pier is 4.3 km away.
the property offers a 24-hour reception and free private parking.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with sofas.
this art nouveau palace boasts a sauna and a restaurant with a sunny terrace for al fresco dining.
the hotel has 24-hour front desk.
the rooms offer free wi-fi and satellite tv.
the private bathrooms have a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property has an outdoor pool and free wifi access.
comfort inn & suites augusta westside is a 4-minute drive from port augusta golf course and a 10-minute drive from australian arid lands botanic gardens.
the nearest airport is pisa international airport, 14 km from the property.
other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
the nearest grocery store is 500 metres away and a restaurant is 300 metres further.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site.
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room. rooms come with a private bathroom.
each day, a freshly prepared breakfast can be enjoyed in the bright breakfast room.
simferopol airport is 70 km away.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, u pottera offers accommodation in ternopilʼ.
guests can enjoy breakfast made with local organic produce, served in the in the lovely conservatory.
a daily breakfast is offered which guests can enjoy in the bright breakfast area, also with lake views.
noibai international airport is 21 km from the hotel.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
yiting holiday hotel offers accommodation in jingdezhen. it is located a is a 6-minute walk jingdezhen railway station.
the city of viborg is 24 minutes' drive away.
a due passil is a 10-minute drive from the exit of the a12 motorway.
this property is located 500 metres from balcon de europa viewpoint
the kitchen is fully equipped and has a dining area.
there is a cinema theatre 500 metres away.
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
tuvesvik is 95 km from the city of gothenburg.
this 2-level davenport holiday home has an outdoor pool with a hot tub, game room, and full kitchen.
grandfather and grandmother stone is 2.4 km from the source herbal detox, while samui aquarium is 6 km from the property.
located 10 minutes’ drive from interstate 66, this manassas motel is 18 miles from the washington dulles international airport and is 4 miles of splash down waterpark.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv with cable channels.
deluxe apartment mit balkon is a self-catering accommodation located in freiburg im breisgau.
the garden is fitted with deck chairs. here, guests can relax in warm months.
guests can enjoy a mountain view from the holiday home.
in the heart of the market town of morzine, in a garden with a heated, outdoor pool, this hotel proposes a bar, terrace and sauna.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
bad wörishofen train station is a 15-minute walk from the hotel, and the a96 motorway can be reached in 10 minutes.
the rooms are decorated in regional style, featuring wooden décor. they share bathroom facilities, one for every two rooms.
each room has an en suite shower with hairdryer and toiletries, or use of a private bathroom with a bath and shower.
the villa offers free private parking on-site
the property also offers free onsite parking.
some rooms are fitted with traditional futon bedding, while others have western beds.
the property offers free parking.
the hotel has a hillside location overlooking cypresses and olive groves, and the ancient city of volterra in the distance.
residence inn saratoga springs is a 40-minute drive from albany international airport.
the bears and eagles riverfront stadium, home of the newark bears minor league baseball team is within walking distance of the newark comfort suites.
junkerdal national park, about 10 km from saltfjellet hotell polarsirkelen, provides ideal opportunities for fishing and hiking.
located by a pond and 20 metres from a river, lobes krogs is surrounded by a green forest.
at villa erato you will find a colourful garden with stone-paved alleys, and a covered bbq area with dining table and free wifi. other facilities like a children's playground and a communal washing machine are offered.
the self-catering apartments and houses also have a seating area and fully equipped kitchen.
the bright rooms of la garden include a flat-screen tv, minibar, safe box and a private bathroom.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
the 24-hour reception desk provides information on local attractions.
for those who enjoy playing golf, this spacious country house is within 6 minutes’ drive of both moonah golf club and fairways resort rosebud country club.
the via venezia 206 b&b will provide your suite with sweet ingredients for breakfast, including coffee.
the property features a private swimming pool.
some apartments boast a private terrace with outdoor furniture.
feels like home porto sea view house is located in porto's waterfront area, known as foz do douro.
free parking is available on site.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
central heating is available, as well as a washing machine.
the health club includes fitness equipment including cardiovascular equipment and an extensive range of free weights.
just 250 metres from the archaeological museum, olympic torch hotel is located in the town of olympia, within 180 metres from the central square.
jasmine tulipa apartment is situated in armação de pêra, 500 metres from fisherman's beach armacao de pera.
the 18 sophisticated rooms and suites feature soft, discreet earthy colors.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and canoeing.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the bathroom includes a shower.
sydney airport is 25 minutes' drive away away.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a games room and luggage storage.
furnished with unique antiques and paintings, each sumptuous room at marfield house hotel boasts luxury bed linen, fresh fruit, and complimentary mineral water.
you will also have easy access by car and a free parking can be found nearby.
balti jaam railway station is 1 km away.
all rooms come with a tv. some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
free private parking is also provided on site.
a variety dining options and shops can be found in the big afimall shopping centre a 5-minute walk from apartlux krasnogvardeysky.
yamna train station is within a 10-minute walk.
lefkada town is 7 km away.
gasthaus rebstock offers pet-friendly accommodation in alken, just 50 m away from the moselpromenade.
akureyri town centre is 800 metres away.
in addition, they also feature a balcony and a seating area with a sofa.
it is possible to order massage services or to play bowling or billiards.
a fishing stream and a golf course are nearby.
the property is 24 km from lac du bourget and 20 km from exit 14 of the a41 motorway.
all rooms look onto the garden and include free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom.
the property features an outdoor pool and a sheltered terrace.
good public transport links are available for turin centre.
rooms here will provide you with a tv, a seating area and satellite channels. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
one bedroom boasts a private terrace with sea and mountain views.
a well-equipped kitchenette and a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower are also available.
the studios and apartments include a kitchenette, a private bathroom and satellite tv.
in addition to a sauna and a hot tub, it offers spacious rooms with free wi-fi.
bathrooms have hot-water showers and a hairdryer.
la muse guests can dine at the chez bouquet, which serves food made from local ingredients.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool, garden and free wi-fi, villa il granduca offers rooms and self-catering apartments in carmignano, 15 km from the centre of prato.
each heated room at hotel bahía bayona has simple, modern décor. all rooms include a desk, tv, safe and a private bathroom.
the rooms at the marin hotel have a satellite tv and a private bathroom.
historical braga is a 32 minutes by car.
hôtel de la plage also provides meeting facilities and organises hiking and canoeing activities upon prior reservation.
this seaside, three bedroom holiday cottage accommodates up to six people and includes a furnished terrace.
discover a number of shopping centres and local restaurants, located within walking distance of the plymouth hilton garden inn.
the property offers free parking and an outdoor pool.
casa el encuentro is situated in the countryside, just outside the town of san lorenzo cacaotepec. the monte albán archaeological zone is a 20-minute drive away.
bedrooms feature high-quality beds with egyptian cotton bed linen, and are complemented by a bathroom with bath or shower, towels, bathrobes and toiletries.
the apartment has a living room with high ceilings and french doors that lead onto the balcony.
free parking is provided.
it features a mountain-view balcony, a garden with barbecue facilities and free parking.
some rooms have a balcony, sofa and a small dining table.
both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 400 metres of the property.
free private parking is available on site.
for a snack, visit the pavillion pantry market, which offers beverages and ready-to-cook meal options.
free wifi is available throughout.
located a 3-minute walk to patong beach, andatel grande patong phuket offers free wi-fi throughout the property. boasting stylish accommodation with a private balcony overlooking 2 swimming pools, the hotel provides free parking on-site.
grand place is 700 metres from residence congres, while the king's house is 700 metres from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including diving.
some have free wi-fi and a jacuzzi.
each room features a minibar, cable tv and a bathroom with shower or bath tub.
the suites offer a kitchenette.
with a 39” lcd tv, modern rooms at the smart feature a safe, minibar and carpeted floors.
offering free wi-fi, this beach resort also provides an outdoor pool, tennis courts, karaoke rooms and a relaxing sauna.
the property has been awarded the leed gold certification.
centrally located in gramado, residencial baviera offers an outdoor pool. the property is 600 metres from mini mundo theme park.
juniata college is conveniently located one mile from the hotel.
free wifi is offered in all areas and there is a lush, spacious garden and an outdoor swimming pool.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
there are several cafés within a 5-minute walk, in addition to various restaurants which offer a range of both german and international cuisine.
an agriturismo nearby serves maremma dishes at discounted rates.
the nearest airport is melbourne airport, 24 km from the property.
hiking paths are scattered throughout the area.
after dinner, guests can relax with a drink in the bar.
the hotel also offers car hire.
the air-conditioned apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and indoor/outdoor dining areas.
some rooms have a kitchenette and sofa bed.
each individually decorated villa at the marbella club provides contemporary furnishings, fully equipped kitchens and private balconies.
chiado is 800 metres away and has typical shops and cafés, like the iconic a brasileira.
juan santamaría international airport is a 2-hour drive away.
okhotny ryad metro station is 500 metres away.
every apartment has free internet access and a well equipped kitchen, with microwave, refrigerator and cooking utensils.
the city centre can be easily reached by public transport within a 10-minute underground ride.
the palais de justice is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
all rooms overlook the hotel's manicured front lawns.
there are shops at the property.
teide national park is 20 km away from the aguamarina golf, and tenerife sur airport is just a 5-minute drive away.
free wi-fi and a daily hot breakfast is provided to all guests.
the lodge features free wifi throughout the property.
an american breakfast is served daily.
the on-site restaurant serves international dishes.
free private parking is available on site.
willa radosna is located in a quiet area of karpacz, 850 metres from the town centre.
the gasthof löwen guest house offers individually furnished rooms with modern amenities, including free wired internet access.
guests stay in rooms with tatami (woven-straw) floors and japanese futon bedding.
bitola's main bus as well as train station is 1.5 km away. skopje and skopje airport are 175 km from bitola.
free wifi and an outdoor pool are featured at this port isabel motel.
all rooms are situated around the property’s patio and surrounded by the garden.
there is a double bedroom and a complete bathroom available.
phnom penh international airport is located about 6 km away.
set in monti sibillini national park at an altitude of 750 metres, regina giovanna is 700 metres from the centre of arquata del tronto.
direct buses go from tegel airport to adenauerplatz underground station, a 5-minute walk from the apartment.
fitted with wooden flooring, rooms all come with a tv, minibar and fridge.
located on the 4th floor with no lift, this apartment features a kitchenette is fitted with a dishwasher and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
you can play billiards at the guest house.
moscow's biggest shopping and entertainment centre, evropeysky, is only a 10-minute walk away.
the bright air-conditioned rooms have tile/marble flooring and flat-screen cable tv. they feature a minibar and electric kettle.
free wired internet is available in public areas.
rooms at the family-run hotel tannenhof offer a homelike atmosphere, with wooden furnishings and plush carpets.
lisbon international airport is 6.7 km away.
living verdizela is equipped with air conditioning and includes a double and a twin bedroom plus a spacious living room with a large sofa, a fireplace and a flat-screen cable tv. the private bathroom comes with a walk-in shower, a bidet and a hairdryer.
ramada tekirdag hotel offers an outdoor pool, indoor pool, spa facilities and a restaurant with extensive views of the marmara sea.
santa monica’s tongva park is 1 km away from this apartment.
a tennis court can be found 50 metres from the stanny court aparthotel.
at apartment red star guests can also relax in a garden and on a terrace.
the three-bedroom holiday home is provided with a tv, dvd-player and a radio.
the nearest airport is orenburg tsentralny airport, 77 km from guest house on sovetskaya 76.
the popular playa san carlos beach is a 15-minute drive from the property, while the city’s scenic water-front boulevard is a 5-minute walk away. general jose m. yanez airport is a short 10-minute drive from santa rita.
an american-style breakfast is served daily.
this holiday home is 9 km from valencia airport.
the airport and geneva's main train station is a 15-minute car drive away.
free public parking is available at a nearby location.
a dishwasher, oven and microwave are included in the kitchen, as well as a toaster and kettle.
set on a 1-hectare garden in saint-pierre-les-bois, la reserve is 20 km from the château de meillant and 15 km from noirlac abbey.
central hotel runs a 24-hour front desk and also offers a fitness centre.
located only 350 metres from florianópolis' canasvieiras beach, pousada dom toazza is a guest house offering air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
flat5madrid is situated within the city’s 19th-century old town, near the major shopping streets around gran vía and fuencarral.
a breakfast buffet with buttered croissants, tropical fruits and chocolate cake is available.
indoors, guests can relax and read a book in the lounge areas or enjoy the serenity of the garden.
the warth-schröcken ski area, with a connection via a ski lift to lech, is 25 km away.
the gasthof weiherbad is a small, elegant hotel, surrounded by meadows and woodland in the wonderful niederdorf villabassa spa park.
featuring air conditioning, apartment lavroviy pereulok 5 is located in yalta, 1 km from yalta. alushta is 28 km from the property.
rooms at the bbinpv will provide you with a desk, cable tv and free wi-fi.
they also have a desk and cable tv.
just 4 km from veszprem station, the promedicum panzio is 200 metres from university of veszprem.
cacoal selva park hotel is just 500 metres from capital do café airport, and 12 km from cacoal centre.
bathrobes and slippers are provided, and modern media include lcd tvs, and free wifi.
free private parking is available on site.
extras include a safety deposit box.
hostal almanzor offers air-conditioned rooms with balconies and cable tv. each room also has a private bathroom.
guilin harbour no.1 hotel is 1 km from elephant trunk hill.
the nearest airport is cork airport, 79 km from hillcrest guest house.
there are also suites available which offer additional seating and extra space.
the bright house features stylish bedrooms and a living-dining room with a flat-screen tv. there is a kitchen including a washing machine and oven. the bathroom comes with a bathtub.
coffee is available for guests 24 hours a day at this pet-friendly motel.
free wi-fi is accessible in all areas.
offering a barbecue and terrace, norbit noclegi is situated in białystok in the podlaskie region, 5 km from kościuszki market square. free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
mattresses which are 27 cm thick provide for a peaceful night's rest.
cable tv, a microwave and a fridge are found in each room of valley oaks inn woodland.
it also offers 24-hour room service and an outdoor pool with a poolside restaurant.
extra amenities are a free laundry and ironing service, a cd/dvd library and daily newspapers.
letsgo sagrada familia penthouse offers barbecue facilities and a furnished terrace with mountain and city views.
the nearest airport is tirana airport, 27 km from delta hotel & events.
the private bathrooms are complete with a shower, hairdryers are available on request.
the staybridge also has a courtyard area with barbecue facilities.
suwannee valley conservation area is 14 km from the days inn, and big shoals state park is 18 minutes' drive away.
facilities include an indoor pool, 2 spa baths, a steam room and modern gym.
it is about 42 km from people's square and pudong international airport.
a tv with cable channels is provided.
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange for concierge services or assist with luggage storage.
la cantonera has a large projecting screen and dvd player for watching films, as well as a cd player and radio. complete with a washing machine, the full kitchenette also offers a dishwasher.
hotel atlantic tuan chau can assist with luggage storage, laundry and ironing services.
guests can swim in the outdoor pool or relax on the sun terrace.
located 11 minutes’ drive away from hollywood boulevard, this hotel features guest rooms equipped with free wi-fi.
located in arkhipo-osipovka in the krasnodar krai region, 43 km from gelendzhik, zateryanniy rai mini-hotel features a barbecue, children's playground and sun terrace.
featuring a private beach, nubian island hotel is a seaside resort that offers views of the red sea and the south sinai mountains.
the kitchenette features a microwave.
located in viehhofen, this apartment is 6 km from saalbach hinterglemm.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
los cristianos is 3.5 km from elegant palm mar apartment, while adeje is 12 km from the property.
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking and cycling, and bicycles can be rented from waldseeresort wemding.
set on 2 floors, the property offers air conditioning and a kitchen with dishwasher.
each includes a tv and private bathroom with shower.
free wi-fi and satellite tv are also included.
kackar restaurant serves a range of international cuisine freshly prepared.
free wired internet connection is also provided.
a welcome drink, bed linen and a city map are provided free of charge.
the cosy apartment features wooden décor and will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a seating area and a fireplace.
hairdryer, towels, and bed linen are provided.
the bathrooms come with shower.
lake drwęckie is 3 km away.
the apartment features a living area with a flat-screen tv, a kitchenette, and a dining area. the private bathroom comes with a shower.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
apartments hiper is 11 km from rijeka and 61 km from pula airport.
each room at the mount airy casino resort offers luxury bedding, complimentary gilchrist & soames toiletries, a flat-screen cable tv and a minibar.
room service options are also available.
it is a 10-minute walk from universal studios singapore and resorts world casino.
each has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available, as well.
restaurants serving european and asian cuisine are a 5-minute walk from nomad hostel.
fluently-conversed in malay, thai and english, the friendly host can assist with tours and sightseeing arrangements.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, a balcony and cable channels.
a flat-screen tv, washing machine, sofa are offered.
the rooms at cirali irmak hotel come with simple furnishings.
the yorkshire dales is just under an hour’s drive from the hotel.
featuring a living area, tv and dvd player, the accommodations have a kitchen with a stove, refrigerator and utensils.
the property houses a restaurant serving a menu of tasty à la carte local dishes.
each room is simply furnished and comes equipped with a satellite tv.
the property is ideally located for local countryside walks, bird sanctuaries, fishing and cycling routes.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
free parking is possible on site, and free wi-fi is accessible throughout.
there is a restaurant with a sun terrace that serves international cuisine and regional turkish dishes.
the hostel also offers bike hire.
you can play tennis, table tennis and billiards at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
complimentary breakfast is offered everyday from 07:00 - 10:00. the hot breakfast includes eggs, breakfast meats, and fresh juice.
it is a nineteenth-century farmhouse with free wi-fi access.
the private bathroom comes with a heated towel rack and a hairdryer.
dining options include a shared kitchen where guests can cook for themselves.
amenities include air conditioning, a private balcony and seating area with cable tv. bathroom facilities are either shared or en suite, and includes hot and cold shower facilities.
nestled in between jericoacoara beach and its sunset dune, vila kalango offers accommodation in peaceful beach huts shaded by coconut and cashew trees.
a bicycle rental is available onsite as well as a free local shuttle service.
free private parking is available on site.
the regina pacis is a hotel in leutkirch im allgäu, just 1 km from leutkirch train station.
guests may relax on the sun loungers of the sun terrace by the pool, while there is a children’s pool for younger guests.
en suite bathrooms offer a hairdryer, shower facilities and free toiletries.
bowral is a 5-minute drive, and bradman museum is a 10-minute drive away.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath. extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
guests can play mini-golf and darts on site, and there is a shared tv/lounge area.
the first-floor coffee shop serves international buffet spreads.
clock tower, as well as poros town centre are at a distance of 1 km.
the guest house features heated rooms with free wired internet.
the beach and cannes’s palais des festivals are just 800 metres away.
local and international cuisine is served in the comfort’s restaurant, and the lobby bar features comfortable sofas.
staff at palazzo del giglio can provide useful tourist information and book gondola rides around the famous canals of venice.
light and calmly furnished, each room features a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it consists of a bedroom, a bathroom, and a fully equipped kitchen.
minsk national airport is within a 3-hours drive of the apartment.
the restaurant offers lunch and afternoon tea, and dinner, upon prior reservation only, and served on the terrace during summer or in the dinning room in the cooler months.
the village centre is 500 metres away, same as a supermarket and a bus station.
featuring a wooden architecture, the hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
atop a hill overlooking the beautiful cértima river valley, on a property over 200000m2 in size, this 4-star guest house radiates a unique charm.
the nearest beach is 300 metres away.
modern-style villas offer a taste of luxury with its marbled floors and minimalist designs. bedrooms feature direct pool access, while living rooms come with a bar counter and home theatre system.
novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 10 km from apartments on petuhova, while novosibirsk state circus is 11 km from the property.
local dishes from the aegean cuisine can be served in the courtyard upon guest’s request.
the famous crucible and lyceum theatres are 200 metres away.
located just 100 metres from the scenic diveagar beach, cocohut resort features an indoor swimming pool and a 24-hour front desk.
laoshan national forest park is 38 km away.
the town centre can be reached in a 5-minute walk and tennis courts area 600 metres from the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
khmer and western dishes are served at the on-site restaurant and bar.
a tv with cable channels is offered.
located in verderonne, domaine du château de verderonne is set an 18th-century castle and offers a 1.5-hectare garden and terrace. château de chantilly is only a 35-minute drive away.
offering sweeping views of the lake, the open-air srivara restaurant serves a simple selection of thai food.
it features an 114-slip marina and offers charter fishing trips.
at casa bianca holiday home, guests are provided with a patio.
every room comes with a flat-screen tv with cable channels. certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
the wuhan international conference and exhibition centre is 2 km away.
offering light, elegant rooms and a 2 aa rosette restaurant, yeovil court is less than 10 minutes’ drive from yeovil’s centre.
free wifi access is available.
guest house panorama karpat features free wifi .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
most units at apartments & rooms knego offer free wi-fi.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
the restaurant located on the premises serves rich buffet breakfast.
the reception desk is open 24 hours a day.
wifi access is available.
this property is 5 minutes’ drive from el chamizal park and 1 km from the benito juárez monument.
the 72nd street underground station is a short walk from these properties. times square is 1 express stop away. lincoln center is a short walk or 1 local stop away.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
situated in sangeorz-bai, hotel hebe offers free public wifi, a 24-hour front desk, a restaurant with a bar and a wellness area, accessible for a surcharge.
set in a quiet part of bormio at the foot of the stelvio ski slopes, this alpine-style hotel features a traditional stube bar, sauna and restaurant.
guests can request for a humidifier and trouser press in their rooms.
corralejo is 16 km from villa cony ii, while costa teguise is 34 km away.
bike rental and car rental are available at this hostel and the area is popular for diving.
featuring a cosy fireplace, and a modern design, the villa comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it offers a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer.
it features a restaurant, free wifi access and a front desk that operates round-the-clock.
the city centre and saint stephen’s cathedral can be reached within a 7-minute underground ride.
situated in vitré city centre, this hotel offers free wi-fi in the entire property, free newspapers and free luggage storage.
free private parking is available on site.
shared bathroom facilities include a shower, free toiletries and towels.
the nearest airport is beziers cap d'agde airport, 9 km from the property.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a cable tv and a refrigerator.
offering free wifi, this villa offers a complete holiday experience with staff and 24-hour security.
cross-country ski trails are 70 metres away, and st. johann’s town centre and a supermarket are 1.2 km away.
set in the heart of the ardennes, the property is a good starting point for trail walks in the roannay valley.
staff at the front desk can arrange car rental to explore famous beaches, such as panormos at 13 km and the sandy hovolo beach at 18 km.
apartamento rua da passagem botafogo is 2.2 km from leme beach and 7.6 km from ipanema beach.
a hairdryer can be requested.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
all rooms come with wooden furnishings and floorings, and include a fridge.
most of the apartments feature panoramic sea views.
less than a minutes' walk from the sea, golden beach villa in sanya has 2 restaurants and air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
the hotel route-inn koriyama provides comfortable accommodation with free wired internet and free breakfast.
other facilities offered include laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services.
centrally located in cesena, b&b al re offers free wi-fi and elegant accommodation with air conditioning and antique furnishings.
the hostel also offers tour services.
it is 49 km from playa del carmen and 119 km from cancun international airport.
the house features hand built classical furniture.
auberge obersolberg provides en suite accommodation in the alsace region of france.
the resort also offers car hire.
alternatively, there are many restaurants surrounding the hotel.
horse riding excursions and bike rental can be arranged upon request.
at agriturismo la sosta other facilities offered include a shared lounge and luggage storage.
rooms have a shared bathroom, while studios include a kitchenette with microwave.
the kitchenette has a dishwasher.
many feature a balcony, overlooking the beautiful garden.
featuring free wifi and an outdoor pool, hotel mundaí praia offers accommodation in porto seguro.
oslo airport is 47 km away.
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast, which is served in the neighbouring casa de los camellos hotel.
the property also provides ski storage and a ski school is available for a surcharge.
it offers self-catering apartments with mountain views and a tv.
laundry facilities and free parking are also available.
the longchamp racecourse is 2 km away.
each unit includes a kitchenette, dining area and sofa bed.
a microwave and small refrigerator are also included in all rooms for added convenience.
a 24-hour front desk is available, and drinks vending machines can be used.
galleria houston is 10 miles away.
the rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom equipped with a hot tub.
a seating area and tv are included. private bathroom comes with a toto washlet and bathtub.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a tv with cable channels.
the rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. some units feature a seating area where you can relax. you will find a kettle in the room.
it offers a courtyard and free wi-fi access.
wi-fi is free throughout the premises, and free indoor parking is provided on site.
narimanovo airport is 9 km away.
many activities are available with the lake district national park, such as riverside strolls, cycling through forests or hiring a boat or kayak.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 7 km from the property.
on the poolside terrace, hotel laguna provides free parasols and sun loungers for guests' relaxation.
while some rooms have a terrace or a balcony, all rooms will provide you with a minibar and a seating area.
free private parking is possible on site.
the kitchen facilities include a microwave, oven and kitchenware.
featuring free wifi, polai center apartments offers accommodation in pula. pula arena is 400 metres away.
the hotel is 3 km from tulum archeological site and 6 km from tulum’s beaches.
it is a 10-minute drive from shizuoka sengen jinja shrine, and a 12-minute drive from archaeological site toro iseki.
the suites feature private balconies offering caribbean ocean views.
set in zadar centre, 100 metres from the knight ́s palace and the palace of the governor general and a few minutes ́ walk from the beach, apartment old gold offers a self-catering accommodation unit with free wifi and air conditioning.
in under a 10-minute drive, you can reach the port and ferry terminal, with a variety of connections to the uk.
for meals, enjoy authentic lao cuisine served at the on-site restaurant.
mini-hotel anasyp offers accommodation in sukhum.
offering a barbecue and a private beach area, blue whale nilaveli is set in nilaveli, 12 km from trincomalee.
a seating area and private bathroom with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries are provided.
gorky park is a 15-minute walk away.
adjacent to camp randall stadium near madison’s city centre, this boutique hotel offers free airport shuttles.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
the nearest airport is kirkwall airport, 15 miles from buxa farm chalets.
this islamic hotel offers separate outdoor pools for men and women, and a terrace overlooking the sea.
all rooms provide microwaves, refrigerators and coffee makers. they also have seating areas and ironing facilities.
the apartment features modern design and is fully equipped for a holiday stay.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a cable/satellite tv, fridge and coffee/tea maker.
an adjacent dining area is also offered.
guests can enjoy a hot breakfast that includes bacon, eggs and cheese omelets during their stay at roanoke holiday inn express.
hong kong international airport is 24 km away.
west hollywood actors apartment offers a private entrance.
they are provided with a flat-screen cable tv, a seating area and a fridge.
a full buffet breakfast with regional jams and breads is served daily.
free parking is available to the rear, and the beautiful new forest national park is just a 30-minute drive away.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, warm mineral springs motel offers accommodation in north port, 1.2 km from warm mineral springs. free private parking is available on site.
it offers free wi-fi access and a garden with tables, chairs and parasols.
the yearly callatis festival takes place here.
guests are welcomed with bathrobes and light refreshments.
guests can rely on the tour desk for information on visiting the area.
it offers free wifi access, as well as a garden and a 24-hour reception.
for lunch and dinner, guests can dine in the hotel restaurant, which serves traditional moroccan cuisine.
the property has a relaxing hot tub and free wifi access in all areas.
featuring free wifi, a restaurant and a terrace, hostel barone offers accommodation in subotica.
oasi da elio is a one-bedroom apartment located in gaeta, 1.2 km from regional city park of monte orlando.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 8 km from peterhof city airport apartment.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
provided with free wi-fi internet access, rooms at the astra hotel come fully equipped with ipod docking stations, air conditioning and satellite tv.
other facilities include rental bikes and a laundry room with washing machines and dryers.
it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
just metres from tower bridge, these apartments are a 10-minute walk from london bridge underground station.
kaunas is 24 km away.
on the shore of lake ohrid in radozda and featuring an à la carte restaurant with a summer garden, vila radozda offers rooms with a balcony and free wifi in all areas.
pousada do tadeu features a shared kitchen where personal dishes can be prepared.
it offers on-site whale watching tours.
nestled away amidst the lush greenery, aigburth villa overlooks sweeping views of rakwana and suriyakanda hills.
bali denpasar international airport is about 6 km away.
kaliningrad khrabrovo airport is 11 km from the property.
slippers and free toiletries are attached in the private bathroom.
there are three restaurants serving egyptian and international cuisine.
a furnished balcony overlooking the grounds and pool is featured in each warmly decorated room at san diego vineyard hacienda.
bowser city centre offers a variety of shops and restaurant just 2 minutes’ drive away.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
isafjordur is 22 km away.
an extensive breakfast is served in the breakfast room every morning.
it is a 10-minute walk from the visitor information centre which provides information on local activities such as winery tours, whale-watching tours and even camel rides.
it offers an indoor pool, a hot tub, and free in-room wi-fi.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area. there is also an electric kettle.
a continental breakfast is served daily and you can enjoy traditional moroccan meals on request.
featuring free wifi in all public areas, apartamentos pinar málaga ciudad is located in malaga.
at this property guests will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
free private parking is available on site.
talamanca beach is 150 metres away.
a 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to the marion holiday inn express hotel & suites.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring a shower, a private bathrooms also comes with a hairdryer.
just 300 metres to the ayder hot springs, memisoglu konak hotel is 80 km to rize city centre.
located 15-minute walk from both jemaâ el fna square and from the majorelle gardens, riad dar el aila offers a swimming pool, a terrace with views of the medina and the atlas mountains, and a massage room and a hammam.
it includes free wifi and air conditioning.
le manoir des deux amants provides tea and coffee sachets and there is a small grocery store on site.
breakfast is included in some room rates, and daily fresh bread rolls can be delivered to you.
parking is available on site.
offering beautiful views of the schlei, hotel schleiblick is set in the heart of schleswig’s old town district.
an on-site fitness center and laundry facilities are available at this hotel.
eiffel is a 15-minute walk from the black sea beach.
some units include a seating area and/or terrace.
the private bathroom has a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
they all include a flat-screen tv while some include access to the executive lounge.
watchet’s beach is just 5 minute’ stroll from the swain, and the area is ideal for outdoor pursuits such as mountain biking, climbing, and archery.
kaliningrad devau airport is within 3 km.
located on a hilltop 10 minutes’ drive outside soria, hotel valdonsadero offers amazing views of mount picofrentes.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
check out the new add-on option when booking and guarantee your half-board service in advance.
fresh seafood and mouth-watering grilled dishes are served at the grill.
the 6th street entertainment district is 12 miles from the hotel.
bed linen and towels are provided.
the hotel also offers a 24-hour reception.
yuzhniy is 48 km from guesthouse irina, while divnomorskoye is 45 km away.
on request, bread rolls are delivered to the apartments in the morning.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
offering free wifi, cgf gray is a self-catering studio apartment located in cannes.
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
the inn also offers bike hire.
bbq facilities are available for guest use.
plainfield wingate by wyndham is 15 miles from indianapolis zoo and ncaa hall of champions.
featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
featuring free wifi and a sauna, manand hotel offers accommodation in yerevan, 1.1 km from republic square.
this hotel is located in batumi, a 25-minute walk from the city centre and a 5-minute walk from the black sea beach.
it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
all rooms and most apartments also offer free wifi.
the kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
some rooms include a view of the tatra mountains.
100 metres away.
you can also take a swim in the outdoor swimming pool filled with calcium rich pamukkale water.
the apartment comes with a terrace, a flat-screen tv, a dvd player, a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher.
lakmali's house features free wifi throughout the property.
all units feature a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge. a stovetop and kettle are also available.
la sirenetta offers an apartment with air conditioning and an lcd tv, a 5-minute walk from alghero historical centre and san giovanni beach. it is less than 1 km from alghero cathedral.
novosibirsk state circus is 2.6 km from apartment on voennaya, while novosibirsk zoo is 5 km away.
old mill hotel provides individually furnished rooms with classical details, including chandeliers and antique-style wooden furniture.
staff are available 24 hours a day and can recommend restaurants nearby.
some cottages feature air conditioning, gas log fire, spa bath and ocean views.
a ski bus runs every 15 minutes and takes you to the socrepes slopes, 1 km away, which are part of the tofana ski area.
offering stunning ocean views, costa atlantico is ideally located on upanema beach, downtown areia branca.
a shared, fully equipped kitchen is available for the guests to use.
traditional japanese breakfast is also offered.
non smoking holiday home hybenvej skjern vi is located on a forest plantation plot in lem.
the simply furnished rooms include a private bathroom.
the living room features a tv, sofas and a kitchen area with a dishwasher and washing machine.
sri lanka hotel is located on the territory of the ethnomir ethnographic park by petrovo village in kaluga region.
the property has a private beach area and water sports facilities and bike hire and car hire are available.
fortingall offers excellent shooting and fishing, and the hotel is within easy reach of pitlochry and blair castle.
on-site parking is free of charge for guests.
marseille provence airport is located 31 km from the property.
pande villas spa & restaurant is a 15-minute drive from echo beach and balian beach, while tanah lot temple is a 20-minute drive from the property and ngurah rai international airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
featuring an outdoor pool, terrace and free wi-fi throughout, hotel tannerhof offers classic-style rooms with a balcony.
apartamenty sun&snow karpacz centrum is a self-catering accommodation located in a green mountainous area of karpacz.
this functional apartment will provide you with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, a seating area and a full kitchen. there is also a washing machine. private bathroom includes a shower.
the hotel is 15 minutes' drive from the pittsburgh zoo and aquarium.
the property is located 1.4 km from santiburi samui country club and 1.8 km from mae nam pier.
the property has private parking facilities, a restaurant, bar, wi-fi, a sauna, children’s playground, tennis court, a terrace and barbecue facilities.
complete with a microwave, the dining area also has an oven and a refrigerator.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and satellite channels.
guests can also enjoy a cocktail at the hotel bar in the evening.
featuring a garden and terrace, villa piana offers accommodation 3 km from the centre of castelsardo, and just 300 metres from the beach.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the property is a 6-minute drive from venice casino ca' noghera and from venice marco polo airport.
guests can dine locally at one of the many restaurants within 300 metres of the pension sissi.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv and a wardrobe.
milsoms kesgrave hall is a charming boutique hotel set in beautiful grounds in the suffolk countryside, just outside ipswich.
the spa at macdonald marine hotel features an indoor swimming pool, thermal suite, hydro pool and gym.
the 4 swimming pools are surrounded by tropical gardens and sun terraces with sun-loungers.
swimming in the lake is possible but at your own risk.
the popular resort of sveti stefan is within 5 km from the apartments.
located just a 2-minute walk to west lake and truc bach lake, tam hotel offers modern, air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi.
located in a residential area in calpe, calpe villa bram is a 3-bedroom holiday home with private swimming pool and attractive mountain views.
villas come with a private pool or spa pool.
kalibo international airport is approximately a 2-hour drive away, while d’mall boracay and the famous white beach are within 1.6 km away.
guests receive free on-site parking.
hotel vele rosse provides a 24-hour front desk service and offers valet parking.
all rooms have air conditioning, a tv, sofa and a tiled bathroom.
apartments are furnished in traditional tuscan style and come with wooden beamed ceilings and partially exposed stone walls.
room service is available.
the ski bus stops in front of the house.
free public parking is available.
the guest house is 13.8 km from forte dos reis magos, 24.7 km from genipabu lagoon and 24.7 km from genipabu beach.
next to packed lunches and banquet facilities, the attentive staff is happy to arrange intimate dinners upon request.
a continental breakfast is served daily.
additional amenities include a seating area with a sofa, a cable flat-screen tv with a dvd player, and two bathrooms.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
rooms at marsham arms inn are furnished in a traditional style, and come with a bathroom and free toiletries.
from monday until saturday, freshly baked bread rolls are available at a surcharge.
the three bridges rail station is just one stop from gatwick airport and less than 2 miles from the hotel.
notre dame cathedral is 900 metres from saint germain des prés - 191, while orsay museum is 1.2 km away.
it has its own garden.
würzburg centre can be reached in 10 minutes via train.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
some rooms offer views of the castle.
the 2-floor apartment features 2 bedrooms, a living room with a sleeping area, a kitchen, and 2 bathrooms.
situated 5 km from the a8 motorway, the posada is around 15 minutes' drive from the beaches at mogro, miengo and liencres.
classic afternoon tea is served daily in the rudenbar and the stars bar features live piano music every day. a smoker's lounge is available and open all day.
the bathroom is fully stocked with slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
many units also have a balcony, and a breakfast buffet is on offer each morning.
local restaurants are available within a 4 km radius.
breakfast buffet is served at the hotel.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
some rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
free private parking is available on site.
pierre have a tv, minibar and private bathroom.
a 10-minute drive from gold coast water park, zhong da jindu hotel offers massage treatments and sauna facilities.
la gomera airport is around 50 minutes’ drive away.
it offers self-catered accommodation and bike rental on request.
it is just 1 km from gir forest national park.
a tv is offered.
the rooms boast modern decor and include custom-made toiletries and bathrobes.
set in the small village of weitental, apartment reiterer offers accommodation 17 km from the closest lift of the gitschberg ski area.hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep.
at taghazout apartments you will find a snack bar.
set in the scenic village of oia, olympic villas features a snack bar and 2 swimming pools, one of which enjoys panoramic views over the aegean sea and the caldera.
the mölltal glacier all-year ski area is 34 km away.
tran quy cap train station is 3 km away while noi bai international airport is 30 minutes away by car.
broken spur steakhouse serves a daily breakfast to guests until 10:00.
perugia san francesco d'assisi airport is 6 km away.
there is a segway and canoe rental and a sauna available at extra charge.
in the evening, german cuisine and fine wines can be enjoyed either in the dining room, the hunter's room or on the attractive garden terrace.
en suite bathrooms come with bathtubs.
built according to the traditional architecture, magic mountain is located in klafsi village among a lush forest.
batumi international airport is 6 km away.
the central aristomenous square with its many cafes and bars is 100 metres away from galaxy, as well as busy navarinou street which stretches along the beach.
the nearest airport is roshchino international airport, 12 km from apartments 50 let vlksm 13/1 7 floor.
located 900 metres from the beach of chanioti, villa hanioti offers spacious accommodation with private swimming pools surrounded by well-kept gardens. the centre of chanioti village is at 500 metres.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 31 km from apartments on fedora abramova 16.
the property offers free parking.
there is a restaurant area within 200 metres.
rooms at samson hotel are air-conditioned, comfortably furnished and most have separate seating areas.
krasnoyarsk train station is 3.5 km from the property.
pousada encanto da ilha can be reached within 1 hour and 20 minutes’ boat ride from angra dos reis city.
shower facilities and a hairdryer are included in its private bathroom.
guests are offered the choice of newly renovated cave and stone rooms.
conveniently, you are also near the charming medieval village of pals which has an ancient city wall, gothic architecture and a pleasant square.
gdańsk’s city centre is 6 km away from apartment.
the elegant rooms include free wi-fi and flat-screen tv.
set in kraków, this apartment features a balcony. the unit is 1.3 km from st. florian's gate.
located just at the foot of the meteora rocks, theatro hotel odysseon offers stunning views of the famous setting and the mount pindos.
some of them feature air conditioning.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out discovery chair (11) (200 metres) and broadway express (1) (300 metres).
luggage storage is possible, while laundry and massage services can be arranged upon request.
offering a private meeting room, 56 floor apartment is located in ramat gan and provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
it features a restaurant with an inviting summer terrace.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a seating area.
the kitchens include a microwave, electric cooker and tea/coffee making facilities.
an on-site restaurant is available and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
center parcs erperheide is set in a recreation area in peer and offers private holiday apartments with free access to the aqua mundo indoor water park, 5 restaurants and a range of outdoor activities such as a rope course, climbing, archery and minigolf.
rooms at the mansion alcazar are tastefully decorated with antique wood furnishings.
a wide range of restaurants, shops and nightclubs can be found within a 5-minute walk of hotel del valle, while ensenada cathedral is a 15-minute walk away.
at saren guesthouse bali you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and barbecue facilities.
guest of the the hotel can enjoy a daily continental breakfast.
other property facilities include a 24-hour front desk, bungalows, a sauna with a swimming pool, a karaoke and night club, a bar, bbq facilities, a business centre and room service.
apartamenty sun&snow przemysłowa are located in the quiet outskirts of karpacz, and offer modern apartments - most with furnished balconies.
the property is 900 metres from the historical centre of the town and 1.7 km from the české budějovice train station.
gümbet is 37 km from akbuk egeyıldızı.
it offers rooms, studios and apartments surrounded by the lush garden.
guests can find a variety of cafés and restaurants in the vicinity.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
hotel lisa is centrally located in donghae-si, just 780 metres from hanseom beach.
at vila hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden. the property offers free parking.
london paddington is 24 minutes away by tube.
at c & l suites inn, the friendly staff can assist guests with their requests throughout the day.
denia is 35 minutes’ drive from the property.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
the unit is 5 km from odessa archaeological museum.
the victorian mansion at los alamos offers guests a unique and romantic experience.
guests can relax on the 2 panoramic sun terraces, enjoy ischia’s corso vittorio colonna shopping street, 100 metres away, or have a relaxing massage at the hotel’s beauty centre.
dublin castle is 200 metres away.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher.
nearby tourist destinations such as the towns of šibenik, split, trogir and national parks krka and kornati are easily reached from rogozinica.
located in moraira, just 600 metres form cala del portitxolet beach, villa oceano holiday home offers a beautiful garden, a covered terrace with barbecue facilities and an outdoor pool.
the hotel is a 5-minute walk from the centre of the kaike onsen area and from kaike seaside park. it is a 15-minute drive from jr yonago train station and 5 km from yonago interchange (ic) on the yonago expressway.
a flat-screen cable tv with a dvd player and a spa bath are featured in this exquisite retreat villa.
the modern living room has large sofas and chairs, and there is a flat-screen tv to keep track of the news.
the attached bathroom has shower facilities and complimentary toiletries.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
many international and local restaurants, pubs and clubs are within a 10-minute walk from the guesthouse.
each room and suite available in different designs, for different needs.
laundry services are available.
kiev’s central kreschatyk street is 7 km from the hotel, and holoseevskaya metro station, providing fast connection to the city centre, is just 2 km away.
each room here will provide you with a tv and satellite channels.
visitors can relax in the sauna and spa bath, sunbathe on the lawn, or book a massage session.
the rooms all have a flat-screen tv, a private bathroom, bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
in summer, hotel villa paradiso provides a free shuttle to the paradise beach club in letojanni.
the property offers free parking.
this property is 1 km from bliss beach club and 3.8 km from laguna phuket golf club.
heraklion is 70 km from despoina apartments and ierapetra is at a distance of 52 km.
all comfortably furnished rooms at the hotel gundl alm feature elegant wooden furnishings, a flat-screen tv.
other facilities at apartment muñoz include a fitness centre.
all units feature a kitchenette with kitchenware, fridge and stove.
the accommodation comes with a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv. all units include a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster. a fridge and kettle are also offered.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
the vilnius old town can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
it features a private cinema and an outdoor swimming pool. free wi-fi access is available.
krasnodar international airport is 17 km from the property.
it includes a tv and toaster.
free wifi is provided in public areas.
some rooms have exposed-stone walls.
conveniently located off motorway i-20 and a short distance from area attractions and local corporate offices, this all-suite hotel features exceptional services along with many of the comforts of home.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and offers a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
guest rooms at auberge de la chaloire are equipped with free wi-fi access and an en suite bathroom.
serving italian coffee and freshly baked croissants and fruits, breakfast can be enjoyed in the common room.
the hotel is 2 km from the industrial zone of the city.
free private parking is available on site.
the drauradweg bicycle trail can be easily reached from haus rosenheim.
los álamos is 2 km from aqualandia water park and terra mítica theme park is 8 km away.
your bright, warmly decorated apartment at villa seefisch includes a living area with flat-screen tv.
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchens.
all units have a tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher, oven and microwave. a toaster and fridge are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
free wifi access is available throughout the hotel.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv.
bayside is situated in scharbeutz, directly on the beach and the baltic sea coast.
the spacious air-conditioned rooms open out to a private balcony with outdoor seating.
guests can work out in the fitness centre, which includes cardio equipment and tvs. a daily maid service, dry cleaning, and a business centre with fax and printing facilities are also available.
wi-fi and parking are available for free.
a washing machine is also available.
free wifi access is available in public areas.
the apartment is fitted with parquet flooring and modern furniture.
it offers modern accommodation with free parking and free internet.
it offers free wi-fi and air-conditioned rooms.
luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
surrounded by scenic countryside, the inn is a 15-minute drive from grassington.
free private parking is available on site.
a flat-screen cable tv, dvd player, and ipod dock is featured in each bedroom at this holiday home.
some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
from june to october, guests enjoy free use of all cable cars and public buses in the saas valley.
ski and bike storage is also available.
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
situated a 15 minute walk from the blue flag certified beach on the gdańsk bay and 1.8 km from ergo arena, apartament jagiellońska 32g8 offers pet-friendly accommodation in gdańsk. the apartment is 1.9 km from olivia hall and 5 minute walk from the seaside ronald reagan park.
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom. a flat-screen tv is featured.
on-site dining is available at mckenzie's grille, serving breakfast and lunch daily.
set in paris, this apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 300 metres from pompidou centre.
the air-conditioned villa offers a hot tub, mountain views and free wi-fi.
bangkok is a 2.5-hour drive away.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
it features a garden, and is a 10-minute drive from bergamo train station.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom.
the eco-friendly ekebacken hotell & konferens features original décor in classic scandinavian 1960s style.
peace family is 300 metres from yangshuo bus terminal and yangshuo park.
the rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath and free toiletries.
kissamos stadium is 700 metres from edgewater studios.
beijing west railway staiton is located 40 minutes' taxi ride away.
there is a balcony and a bathroom with a shower.
a balcony, air conditioning and a tv can be found in spacious rooms at sayeban resort & spa hotel.
the public outdoor- and indoor swimming pool freizeitzentrum neustift is 1 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include vending machines, a communal microwave, laundry facilities and a public bath.
bepo also offers free parking for all guests and a children’s playground.
the three-bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv, a terrace and a seating area.
you can play tennis at this guest house, and the area is popular for horse riding.
several shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a few minutes ́ walking distance.
the blue boar bar adds a modern element to the traditional british pub and serves local ales.
the bright accommodation at al manzel al hadea is marble-floored and includes a living area with a flat-screen satellite tv.
the martinella offers 2 restaurants serving both trentino and international dishes.
situated in kaliurang town, sambi resort, spa & restaurant is a 45-minute drive from adi sucipto airport and 5 km from mount merapi museum.
the property also offers free parking.
the excellent location in the historic centre of wrocław means you can easily explore all the fascinating places.
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service.
the dr. pepper museum is 5 minutes’ drive from deluxe inn.
there is a garden, where guests can relax.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
tucked away in the beautiful bavarian forest 3 km from zwiesel town centre, this guest house offers free wi-fi, bathrooms with heated floors and a spa and wellness area with a sauna and hot tub.
there is a small reading corner with german and english books.
rooms have either stunning sea views or attractive views of the hotel grounds and surrounding countryside.
guests enjoy free round-trip transfers from pai bus terminal which is a 5-minute ride away.
just 3 km from scharfenstein castle, this hotel in amtsberg offers a large garden with playground, free wi-fi, and a modern restaurant with terrace.
offering a heated outdoor swimming pool, the stella di mare golf hotel offers a multitude of facilities including a thalasso spa with heated indoor and outdoor pool.
this all-suite hotel in manchester provides free shuttle service to manchester-boston regional airport, 3 miles away.
free wi-fi is provided.
throughout the setting, free wifi is provided.
l'oustal du sentier is a self-catering one-bedroom apartment located in mur-de-barrez, 8 km from a fitness centre and a tree-climbing park.
the train station is a 10 minutes’ stroll.
recreation facilities include a fitness centre and sauna.
room service is available.
guests can also watch pay-per-view movies in each room.
located in a quiet street close to lake geneva, the train station and the international organisations, the kipling manotel offers air-conditioned rooms and free wifi access.
offering ski equipment and storage, v strugakh krasnykh guest house is located in natural surroundings in strugi-krasnyye.
supermarkets are 1 km away, in äkäslompolo.
each accommodation units features either a kitchen or a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
cruises to malta can also be organised.
every morning, a hearty buffet breakfast is served in parkhotel schönewalde’s inviting dining room.
rooms at b&b san peter rome also come with a minibar with free soft drinks, and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
there is a full a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
some units are air conditioned and include a seating and/or dining area.
the apartment comes with a washing machine, safe and bathroom with bathrobes and a hairdryer.
jodhpur airport is a 10-minute drive away. .
located just off i-65 and 4 miles from downtown franklin, this holiday inn express features a spacious indoor pool.
hotel senatoriai is located in the historic centre of vilnius, only 50 metres from the cathedral of vilnius and gediminas castle.
the en suite bathroom includes as shower or spa bath and hairdryer.
central airport is 15 km away.
wifi access is available free of charge in the public areas of the derby hotel.
it features sun terrace and free wifi in public areas.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
the etrusco's breakfast buffet features homemade pastries, freshly squeezed orange juices, but also savoury products and fresh vegetables.
located 400 metres from el cortecito beach and a 20-minute drive from punta cana international airport.
this harlem property is within a 5-minute walk of the morris-jumel mansion, which is a historic revolutionary war site.
ssr international airport is 48 km away.
a 25-minute drive from nadi airport, it offers a pool and free parking.
featuring views of the city, all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, fridge and an electric kettle.
the el cason’s restaurant offers a free buffet breakfast each morning.
it is 1.5 km from the lake at the bay of jasmund.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, jinyun ling ming inn offers neatly arranged guestrooms.
free private parking is provided on site.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bathrobe and slippers.
discover a variety of area attractions, including foxwoods resort casino and mohegan sun casino only minutes from the days inn mystic.
italian specialities can be enjoyed in the ristorante toscana.
each air conditioned room features a balcony and comes with a minibar and a safe.
the hotel features air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
clube dos caçadores attraction is 4 km away, while lagoa do bonfim yate club is within 3 km.
rooms at the family-run stanage benefit from a flat-screen tv with dvd player, tea and coffee making facilities and an en suite shower room.
the bathrooms come with a shower and some are en suite.
an à la carte menu is offered for lunch and dinner and many local restaurants are within 1 km of the butik pendik.
free parking is available.
free wifi access is available in this homestay.
there is a children's playground and billiards.
guests can opt for a stroll in the resort’s immaculate garden, indulge in fun games in the games room or take a dip in the outdoor pool.
its open-air terrace seating lets diners enjoy panoramic views of the central visayan islands of the philippines.
it offers rooms with a balcony, a minibar and free wifi.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
the restaurant is known for its excellent international menu, and meals are served in a beautiful setting by the sea.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out honfleur's old harbour and saint stephen's church, both located 200 metres away.
a microwave and a small refrigerator are found in each classically decorated room at the best western plus bessemer.
for drinks and meals, guests can enjoy the hotel’s coffee shop, bar and restaurant.
the apartment is 200 metres from artus court.
bicycles can be borrowed for free to explore the surroundings.
the nearest airport is da nang international airport, which is 22 km from the property.
the 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage and currency exchange.
at hotel mountain you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
guests can go to the food market every sunday.
located on the western coast of mexico, this oceanfront all-inclusive resort in manzanillo features 6 outdoor pools with a waterfall and 4 restaurants.
les granges is a one-bedroom holiday home located in olonne-sur-mer, just 50 metres form the salt marshes and 1 km from the nearest beach.
the grifone is 3 km from the entrance of rimini fellini airport.
rovinj old town can be accessed within 2 km. a ferry port is located there.
buffet breakfast is available on request in the dining room.
the spacious rooms at mercure istanbul airport boast chic contemporary décor.
rue d’antibes, cannes main shopping street, is 700 metres from villa eucharis and cannes train station is a 5-minute walk away.
offering an outdoor pool, free breakfast, and a restaurant, finca hotel villa exito is located in la mesa.
falcone-borsellino airport is 55 km away and trapani is a 40-minute drive away.
the property offers free parking.
offering free wi-fi, this apartment is quietly situated in the schoeneberg district of berlin.
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
situated on the edge of the veluwe and within a 10-minute bicycle ride from the city centre of wageningen, this holiday home offers self-catering accommodation with free private parking on site.
the accommodation feature a terrace, flat-screen tv, sofa and a private bathroom with shower.
sihanoukville international airport is 9 km away.
located within just 5 km from the aurangabad railway station and aurangabad bus station, hotel silver inn offers wifi in hotel rooms at a surcharge
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
hotel octave maldives is centrally located in male, offering easy access to popular shopping and dining areas.
guests of hotel cartwright union square, bw premier collection have free access to the business centre, which has 2 computers and a printer. the relaxing lobby features a fireplace and a flat-screen tv.
tan son nhat international airport is 72 km away.
parking is available free of charge.
if you want to engage in some active leisure you can play tennis, crazy golf, beach volleyball or badminton or rent a bike.
the ski bus stops right outside and takes guests to the lofer cable car within 5 minutes.
free parking is available and bicycles can be rented on site.
free wi-fi access is available.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
pinky hotel enjoys a great location in malacca just a 5-minute walk from mahkota parade and dataran pahlawan.
there is a volleyball court and a children’s playground at the property.
e-outfitting resort is 6 minutes' drive from chiang mai international airport and 8 minutes' drive from chiang mai gate.
the property is 8.5 km from saint lazarus church and 6.5 km from theofilos georgiadis park.
located 5 minutes’ walk from taman wisata kaliurang, tempuran hills homestay is surrounded by tropical greenery and fresh mountain air.
breakfast is a mixture of rich buffet, show kitchen and waiter service. dinner in the main restaurant combines a rich buffet (salads, cold and hot appetisers, desserts), choice of main course, show kitchen and waiter service.
3 underground lines and the cat (city airport train) are close by.
with air conditioning, rooms are decorated with parquet floors and come with a flat-screen tv.
it features a sky lobby on the 30th floor and 2 restaurants.
activities in the local area include swimming, water sports and shopping.
the nearest airport is pula airport, 26 km from licul apartment.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
the property offers free wifi.
the nearest airport is mykonos international airport, 3 km from the property.
each has a small fridge, cable tv and a balcony.
all units have a dining area and a seating area with a flat-screen tv. all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and microwave. a fridge and kettle are also provided.
the property is 5 km from malnichora tea garden and 54 km from jaflong.
sunshine coast maroochydore airport is 33 minutes’ drive away.
the property offers free parking.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
offering a garden, koukou apartments is set in vathi, 800 metres from port of ithaki.
the tranquil refugio da maceira is located in marvão, amidst the green areas of the serra de são mamede natural park.
the accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
the property is 1 km from aspous village, while skyros town is 7 km away.
other amenities include flat-screen tv, a tea/coffee maker and a fridge.
the nearest airport is nikola tesla airport, 97 km from the property.
each luxurious room has a balcony, tv and a spacious bathroom.
the famous grand palace and khaosarn road can be reached within a 10-minutes drive from kaisri guesthouse.
the bathroom is fitted with a shower.
hotel stelor’s individually decorated rooms feature local artwork and antique furniture.
the property offers free parking.
canossa castle is 10 minutes' drive away, while canossa town centre is 20 minutes away by car.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out king fahad fountain (9.8 km) and jeddah mall (11.6 km).
there is an on-site restaurant and a 24-hour front desk at the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing and snorkelling.
pousada campos de provence is located 4 blocks from capivari centre in campos do jordão.
free public parking is possible on-site.
heary fare with local features can be expected in the on-site restaurant.
the ancient town of kotor is 15 km away.
guests at the schlosspark can explore the scenic fläming-skate-bahn route on the hotel's rental bicycles.
other facilities at keysplease - luxury 2 bedroom dubai include a fitness centre.
the nearest grocery shop, restaurants and bars are located within 200 metres.
the tour desk can provide information on car rentals and local attractions such as fira town which is at 11 km.
the nearest café is just 35 metres away while a grocery store is 200 metres from the building.
the designer décor elements of the hotel, including paintings, chairs and cabinets of old peruvian antiquity can be purchased on guest’s request.
the four points miami beach resort offers a variety of thoughtful on-site services and facilities, including an outdoor pool and fitness facilities.
they also feature tiled floors and a mosquito net.
guests also enjoy free shuttle to a nearby restaurant.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing, horse riding and snorkelling.
the vadodara airport is 8 km.
all apartments come with air conditioning and a tv.
built in 1956, apartment rosenweg brienz is located 1 km from the centre of brienz in quiet surroundings, just 150 metres from the lake.
it provides free wi-fi access and parking.
guests can use shared bathroom facilities.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher.
some have a fireplace.
rooms at the grand hotel are comfortably furnished and feature air conditioning, a flat-screen cable tv and a minibar.
there is a shopping delivery service available at an additional cost.
located in jastrzębia góra, wojciech is only 700 metres from the beach on the baltic sea.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
located at the seafront, yasmin hotel has a private area at sarimsakli beach with free sun loungers and parasols.
the self-catering house is fully equipped with a kitchen, shower and heating.
the apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a terrace.there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
vilnius airport is 4 km from the property.
continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily at the dining area.
king fahd stadium is 12 km from rokn rahati alnozhah.
it offers clean and comfortable dormitory rooms with air-conditioning.
the unit is equipped with a kitchenette. a flat-screen tv is offered.
lutfi kirdar convention centre, istanbul congress centre, cemal resit rey concert hall and muhsin ertugrul theatre are within 1.3 km distance.
the pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area.
each room is soundproofed and also has a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
asian and international a la carte meals are served at the elegant dining area.
guests will be 3 minutes’ walk from mississippi coliseum and 4 miles from lefleur’s bluff state park.
bed linen is also provided.
the living room has a sofa bed and a flat-screen tv, and the kitchenette includes a microwave, fridge, oven and coffee maker.
the cosy hotel bar is an elegant choice for after dinner drinks.
free wi-fi is available.
zadar airport is located 11 km away.
there is also a big garden and a sunny terrace.
leonardo da vinci international airport is a 50-minute drive away.
just 2 minutes’ walk from the hotel is one of the town’s viewpoints, where you can enjoy magnificent views of the surrounding landscape.
situated a 5-minute drive away from the centre of windhoek, hotel thule is located on a hillside and offers magnificent views over the city.
they have a classic design with tiled floors and wrought iron beds.
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport, 23 km from the pannana@thonglor.
this motel is less than 10 minutes’ drive from wildstone golf course, the canadian museum of rail travel and college of the rockies.
shuttles to mariscal sucre international airport, a 2,5-hour drive away, can be arranged.
highwood golf and country club is 15 minutes’ drive away. nanton golf course is 20 minutes' drive away.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom. a tv is offered.
lérins abbey is 7 km from beau 2 pièces lumineux proche centre cannes, while ilec school cannes is 500 metres away.
doubletree by hilton cape town upper eastside is located within 5 km from the cape town international convention centre.
free wi-fi is provided throughout the villa.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
this two-bedroom apartment is entirely air-conditioned and features contemporary décor, plus wooden floors, and flat-screen tvs on its bedrooms.
the nearest airport is john paul ii airport, 83 km from the property.
milan malpensa airport is 35 km away.
this family-run guest house in the centre of görlitz is only about 500 metres from the train station.
svarna suite seminyak is 15-minute drive away from seminyak square.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove, microwave and coffee machine.
offering a restaurant, maison d'hôtes ghalil is located in ouarzazate.
the immaculate conception cathedral can be reached in a short 2 minute walk.
the property offers complimentary pickups from the airport or bus station and shuttle services to the city centre.
there is free shuttle service and gift shop at the property.
amenities include a washing machine, an iron and cleaning products.
gajapinn spa features traditional thai massage, while the resort's library contains a wide selection of movies and books.
the siesta club hotel right next to the famous harkány medicinal bath offers cosy apartments with functional kitchens, most of them facing the quiet courtyard and the garden.
extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
entertainment is organised during july and august.
free parking is available, in fist come first served basis.
located in the centre of paris, studio rue de montmartre is 15-minute walk from the louvre and pompidou museums.
st. florian's gate is 700 metres from the property.
boiçucanga beach is 7 km from the chalets.
its ideal location allows easy access to shops and restaurants.
some have access to the exclusive club lounge, located on an upper floor with views of both the sea and the city centre.
guests can make the most of the fitness centre and free bikes to explore the area.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms are simply furnished with a wardrobe, a fridge and a tv with satellite channels.
a business centre and launderette are on site for guest convenience.
public parking is free on site.
guests benefit from terrace. free wifi is featured .
san antonio is 9 km from agroturismo can cosmi prats, while playa d'en bossa is 11 km from the property.
the rooms offer scenic views of the river.
the property features a kitchen and a barbecue for guests’ use.
alanya castle is 5 km from crystal nova apartment, while damlatas cave is 5 km away.
a further selection of restaurants can be found within a 5-minute driving distance of the accommodation.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the apartment comprises a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen satellite tv, a desk and a safe.
the rooms come with modern, colourful decor and a small dining area.
augusto cesar sandino international airport is 82 km away.
this property is 13 km from elba airport.
a flat-screen tv is available.
guests can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms.
grocery delivery and packed lunches are available on request.
the don mario resort offers a free shuttle to pantelleria airport located 8 km away.
dalaman airport is within 150 km and airport shuttle services are arranged upon request at a surcharge.
at hotel amar inn you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
free private car and boat parking is available on site.
the restaurant also offers lunches and dinners.
all rooms at seattle travelodge include a microwave, small refrigerator, and coffee making facilities.
guests can use a common seating area with kitchenette and the house also has a garden with barbecue facilities.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
a coffee maker and ironing facilities are also included.
located in the centre of bad sauerbrunn, parkhotel neubauer is just 500 metres the kurhaus spa centre.
the ángela peralta theatre is 700 metres away and mazatlán international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
dinner is available by prior arrangement before arrival.
parking is provided at no additional charge at dolan’s platinum.
sochi discovery world aquarium is 6 km from liberty fly, while saint sarkis cathedral is 300 metres away.
the restaurant serves good quality food, and wireless internet is free of charge in the hotels public areas.
breakfast is available in the spacious café-bar.
this hotel does not have a restaurant.
the santa casa di loreto is a 30-minute drive away.
there is a completely fitted kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
free wi-fi access is available.
the property is located 22 km from barcelona and offers free wi-fi.
bright and spacious rooms with modern interiors are provided at landhotel weihermühle.
the closest supermarket is just 100 metres away and the restaurant la ruinette is 75 metres from chalet guadeloupe.
rooms at bee lanta garden are fitted with a private balcony and hardwood furniture.
the simply furnished rooms have a private bathroom and are equipped with a fan.
nestled away amidst lush greeneries, new bhandari swiss cottage features yoga classes and various outdoor activities like hiking and rafting.
at motali life hotel you will find a garden and barbecue facilities. other facilities offered include a shared lounge and a children's playground.
further facilities on site include ski, bike and luggage storage.
resort tirol offers stylish alpine-style apartments with a garden or a terrace, 250 metres from the schatzberglift ski area and 300 metres from niederau’s centre.
villa julia features free wifi .
it offers a free parking and free wi-fi on site.
set 1.5 km from the centre of taormina, panoramic apartments taormina offers a garden, terrace and self-catering accommodation with a balcony or terrace with ionian sea views.
an indoor swimming pool and sauna are available.
featuring a spa area and a restaurant offering austrian and international specialities, hotel bergblick is located a 5-minute walk from grän’s centre.
it takes a 10-minute drive from the property to garuda wisnu kencana cultural park and a 15-minute drive to balangan beach.
it's only a walking distance away from the property to the nearest beach and getting to lombok international airport will take about a 30-minute boat ride from gili air harbour to bangsal harbour, and another 1.5-hour drive to the airport.
i pini park offers self-catering chalets and bungalows.
guests can enjoy free wi-fi and the convenient location off interstate 95.
courses and activities proposed by the hotel include yoga, create writing, music and dance.
luggage storage and photocopying services are available on site.
har ki pauri is 1.9 km from hotel crystal ganga heights, while pentagon mall is 7 km away.
located in comitan de dominguez, this modern hotel offers an on-site restaurant and free wi-fi. it also has a tour desk that can arrange extreme sports and guided outings.
set in a farm among rural surroundings, stone farm is a family-run hostel offering accommodation in typical stone houses.
offering accommodation with free wi-fi and a hot tub, malones motel is just 4 minutes’ drive from central rotorua.
alternatively, guests can enjoy fresh beverage and barbecue dishes at barbecue bar and castle bar.
ravello is 46 km from appartamento fortino, while paestum is 8 km from the property.
the hotel’s interior is set with fine marble vases, statues, wall drawings, columns and marble floor work. after a day of sightseeing, you can relax in the hotel’s bar and enjoy a cold beverage. during the hot afternoons, you can cool off in the roof terrace pool, and enjoy the stunning scenery.
a traditional 19th-century house in a peaceful country setting, les jardins d'anna - chambres d'hôtes is located in tapon, 5 km from saint-ilpize.
each room is fitted with a wardrobe, flat-screen tv, a well-equipped kitchen, and a dining area.
free private parking is provided on site.
ateljé vävglädje butik bed & breakfast located between lakes väsman and bysjön, close to dan andersson's homeland and loussastugan.
refreshments are also served on the terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
hotel cristina overlooks the wonderful bay of naples and mount vesuvius.
extras include a safety deposit box.
car rental services can be arranged and free parking is available.
it features a private pool and enjoys unobstructed views of the aegean sea. free wi-fi is offered throughout.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
offering an outdoor pool, cueva de la alegría is located in huéscar. the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
superior rooms have a hydromassage shower as well as the spa bath.
located 4.8 km from aberdeen city centre, best western summerhill hotel and suites welcomes guests with a restaurant and bar, and free wifi.
apartments maraž also includes a barbecue.
private bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
the villa is set into 2 levels and has an open-plan living room with a flat-screen satellite tv, a spacious indoor and outdoor dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.
each apartment at apartamentos blue sea costa teguise gardens has a kitchenette with a microwave and fridge.
the restaurant serves typical dishes from the area, including game.
free parking is available for motorbikes and there is an area for drying wet clothes.
the hotel schöneberg's bright and spacious rooms are an ideal place to relax. all of the rooms feature an en suite bathroom, modern furniture and comfortable beds.
guests can use the meeting/banqueting facilities, or make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
bisanzio is a beautifully renovated, modern hotel which offers you a peaceful garden area as well as well-furnished, comfortable guest rooms.
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine and coffee machine.
the air-conditioned romantic studios are simply furnished and enjoy mountain views.
free wifi in public areas is available.
a sauna, free wi-fi and a 24-hour front desk are featured at atlant hotel.
the modern and elegant rooms come with a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower.
olivemare is 4 km away from the popular scala beach and just 2 km from the famous monastery of virgin fidousa.
extras include bed linens and a fan.
the nearest supermarket is 50 metres away.
located in a peaceful neighbourhood of chiang mai, kaysorn residence offers cosy rooms with air conditioning and plenty of natural light.
the hotel also has a pool bar that serves cocktails in the summertime.
rostov arena is 1.9 km from boutique hotel promenad, while rostov academic drama theatre is 2.4 km from the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the area is popular for spa, golfing, cycling, hiking, fishing and horse riding.
apartament wilanów is an apartment located in warsaw, 1.4 km from wilanow palace.
relax sun bathing on the beach, framed in wild green dunes, or lying by the hotel pool.
with 4 well-equipped meeting rooms, finlandia hotel fooninki can cater for seminars of up to 70 people.
brescia train station is a 10-minute taxi ride from the property.
ośrodek szpulki is 2.5 km from zakopane train station and bus station.
spa treatments are available after a day of sightseeing.
featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with slippers.
jenny's guest house features air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi in kuching. guests have access to a shared kitchen, where light cooking is allowed and a shared lounge.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
located in the countryside of the haute-marne region, this campsite offers wooden chalets with a private terrace.
with a terrace, bella trapani offers rooms with classic décor in trapani, 200 metres from the historical centre. free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
hiking trails start right outside.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and a snack bar.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can also request picnic lunches.
rooms at terraza sur business hotel feature air conditioning, heating, a safety deposit box and a cable tv.
rooms include a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
guests of 7n ranch resort can glide down a zip line in heise hot springs, 15 minutes’ walk away.
the ski slopes can be accessed just 50 metres from the property and a free shuttle service runs during the winter.
the property is sitting right at the start of the pennine way national trail.
guests can arrange sightseeing trips at the tour desk or inquire about shuttle service at the front desk.
the accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
they also come with private bathroom facilities.
in the summer they can be enjoyed in the garden.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a terrace.
budva is 33 km from vuković apartments, while cavtat is 29 km away.
free wi-fi and flat-screen satellite tv are standard in all rooms at hotel palazzo ognissanti.
accommodation at pegasus opens out to a patio enjoying garden views.
each of the contemporary-style rooms at the days inn dresden includes satellite tv, a work desk, and a modern bathroom.
the seating areas have a flat-screen tv with a dvd player and satellite channels.
every room includes a private bathroom with a bidet and shower.
le siam heritage is a 10-minute drive from patpong night market and asiatique the riverfront mall.
the property offers free parking.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
the full-service bar offers mimosas and other specialty beverages.
there is also a refrigerator.
there is a seating area with flat-screen tv, an open-plan kitchen with hob, microwave and fridge, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
set 350 metres from barbarossa beach and 1.5 km from porto azzurro, hotel barbarossa offers accommodation with free wifi.
located in the krkonoše national park and 5 km from the centre of špindlerův mlýn, pension adolf is surrounded by meadows, forests, hills and mountains.
just 700 metres from santa maria novella station, la luna guests house is in central florence, a 10-minute walk from fortezza da basso exhibition centre.
guests can choose to swim at the hotel’s swimming pool, offering pool bar, or at the nearby beach.
the central park and the copán ruins museum are 100 metres from the property, while the copán church is 200 metres away.
free shuttle service is provided upon request.
this property is 4 km from xlendi.
breakfast is served every morning in le safoutier which also offers international buffets for lunch and dinner.
free public parking is possible near the property.
the local bus stop is 100 metres away, while the main bus station is in zadar, about 40 km from the property.
ramajal rural is in the countryside in the las hurdes region of extremadura.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi is provided throughout the premises.
bed linen and towels are provided.
golfo aranci is a 20-minute drive away.
located in krasnaya polyana, this hotel is 3.8 km from karusel ski resort.
the kitchen is equipped with a hob, microwave and coffee machine.
located in mathon, a 5-minute drive from ischgl samnaun and galtür ski areas, berglerstube offers cosy tyrolean-style rooms and a rich buffet breakfast.
there is also a beauty centre.
some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
paris - orly airport is 11 km away.
it is 150 metres from the famous via del corso shopping street and from piazza del popolo square.
the rooms and suites of this 3-star hotel are tastefully furnished and well-equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, a safe and a minibar.
you can find several restaurants and shops at a walking distance and the nearest supermarket is 1 km away.
the living room is equipped with 2 sofa beds, a fireplace, a tv, a ps2 game console and a dvd player.
guests can enjoy local and international dishes at the onsite restaurant.
windsor guest house is just 1 mile from legoland and 5 miles from royal ascot racecourse.
guest laundry facilities and banquet facilities are also available.
the artisans fair is 5 blocks away wi-fi is free and there is 24-hour bar service.
beverages can be enjoyed at the bar.
wifi is available in all of the stylishly furnished rooms free of charge.
saigon train station is a 15-minute drive away, while tan son nhat international airport is a 20-minute drive away.
located near the gower peninsula, llwyn hall is 10 minutes’ drive from machynys peninsula golf club.
the dormitory and all the rooms have access to a shared bathroom.
the four-bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv including german and scandinavian channels, air conditioning and a terrace.
the property has bbq facilities and ironing service.
quinta do regato is located in moreiras grandes, 15 km from torres novas.
some rooms are coming with shared bathroom facilities, while others also feature a terrace overlooking the garden.
a breakfast service is available and includes homemade jams and local products.
there is a terrace and bbq facilities are available on site.
guests can also benefit from a south-facing garden and terrace, an open kitchen and a bathroom with a bath.
the comfort hôtel marseille is well-located for visiting provence and the beaches of the cote bleue.
the villas are surrounded by lush tropical vegetations, only 30km from nungwi and 28 km from zanzibar city.
private bathrooms come either with a shower or a bathtub.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
werala beach resort offers pet-friendly accommodation in kalpitiya.
the shared kitchen is equipped with acoffee machine and kitchenware.
elena rauschen apartment 2 offers accommodation in filino, 32 km from kaliningrad. the unit is 1.9 km from svetlogorsk.
bed linen is offered.
decorated in a moroccan style, the rooms at hotel casa khaldi have a wardrobe and private bathroom with a bath tub or shower.
set on the shores of lake comabbio, residence montelago offers rustic accommodation with free wi-fi and views of the lake. the property is located along the cycling track connecting lake comabbio and lake varese.
the elegant, air-conditioned rooms feature antique wooden furniture and rich fabrics.
other facilities at wider view - bahar, jbr include an outdoor pool.
adagio access offers studios in the centre of brussels, only 350 metres from the committee of regions and 290 metres from troon metro station.
with fantastic views of the brighton seafront, george iv guesthouse is a period townhouse located just a 5-minute walk from the centre of brighton.
all rooms offer a modern interior.
guests can make use of a ski storage room and a ski boot dryer on site.
the property is about 17 km from both biella and ivrea, while aosta and turin can be reached by car in 1 hour.
just a short drive from canada's wonderland theme park, this comfortable hotel offers convenient amenities with a great location near shopping, dining and enjoyable attractions.
set just 800 metres from the slopes at the valberg ski resort, le valliope offers self-catering apartments with panoramic mountain views.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave. a toaster and fridge are also available, as well as a kettle.
a cable tv and a seating area are featured in each air-conditioned room at payette motel.
set in manzanillo’s las hadas district, dolphin cove inn is within 1 km of playa azul and the nearest golf club.
the guest house's café gruben is located in the same building.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and heating.
the garden includes a children’s playground.
at the paul, you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace. other facilities at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
free wifi access is available.
they are located on the 4th or 5th floor.
it is a 35-minute drive from gimpo international airport and a 1-hour drive from incheon international airport.
some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
located 2 km from vieste on the gargano peninsula, villa carabella residence features panoramic views of the adriatic sea.
the facilities include a garden and a bbq.
a pillow menu is also offered.
centre of kopaonik national park 2 km away.
ambrosio taravella airport is a 20-minute drive from the windsor.
a free guest computer with internet access is available in the lobby.
placed in the cultural scene of gyeongju only 300 metres from gyeongju railway station, gyeongju tour guest house provides cosy and comfortable accommodation with free wi-fi access available at all areas.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a private patio with barbecue facilities, outdoor table and paddling pool, casa rural el zahori de pinedas is located in batuecas-sierra de francia nature reserve.
laguardia airport is 10 km away.
functional rooms have wooden furniture, and come with a fan, a wardrobe and a balcony.
several buses stop close to the apartments.
free wi-fi access is available.
each room has a private bathroom and a tv.
guests have a free private ski bus to the cono di renon ski area 3.5 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and an ironing service. the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy relaxing massages and the use of tennis courts and fitness facilities.
palau, with its ferry links to the maddalena archipelago, is a 10-minute drive from the property.
at villa 49 hotel beds - hikkaduwa you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
bike rental and laundry service are available at a surcharge.
free wi-fi is also available.
other facilities at villa romana include a hot tub and barbecue.
full scottish breakfast is served each morning.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage.
each apartment can be reached by lift from the underground car park.
there is also a shared kitchen and laundry room available for guests to use.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
treatments can be arranged at nearby fridens källare, on advanced request.
spanish style heaven b&b features free wifi throughout the property.
fresh fruit, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs are also available.
wi-fi is available free of charge and massages can be arranged upon request.
there is also a bar and a 24-hour reception with luggage storage.
all units feature a flat-screen tv.
it includes a well-equipped kitchen, a washing machine and a private terrace.
pier 42 boutique resort & spa is a 2-minute walk from chalong beach and the pier, which has several sea-facing restaurants.
this air-conditioned villa has 2 twin bedrooms and 3 double bedrooms, all with an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries, plus an extra bathroom.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
the museum of ancient glass is 1.9 km from apartment ela, while palace of the governor general is 1.9 km away.
lookout darling features a furnished terrace where guests can relax.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
located just 500 metres off of the scenic aewol shore road, suandsu hotel offers spacious self-catering apartments.
each air-conditioned room includes cable tv.
a hot, 3-course breakfast is served every morning at au chat qui dort b&b.
the cottage features an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a living room with a tv and dvd player.
the nearest restaurant and grocery shop are within a 7-minute walk, and the riederalp cable car station is 1 km away.
for your comfort, you will find bath robes, slippers and free toiletries.
located a 10-minute drive from the saalbach hinterglemm leogang ski area and next to the cross-country ski trail, chalet 3 musketiers offers its units with a free ski storage.
feautirng contemporary décor, each apartment offers a bright seating area with a tv. there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and a washing machine.
samudra kopitiam (coffee house) serves a variety of local, asian and western dishes.
it features an outdoor swimming pool.
the apartment features a tv and a washing machine. the bathroom comes with a bath.
a tv with cable channels is featured.
los angeles county museum of art/lacma is 14 km from ellison building.
ourinhos bus station can be reached in only 10 minutes by car.
the bathroom comes with a wc, bathtub and hairdryer.
palace of culture and science is 500 metres away.
certain rooms include views of the garden or city.
the property offers an open terrace and can accommodate up to 10 persons.
holiday home kjøddtynjan nexø denm is located in snogebæk.
xing xin hotel is 13 km from dunhuang airport and dunhuang railway station.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, a fridge and a microwave.
situated on peaceful 10 acres, absolute waterfront offers direct access to swan bay, with beautiful views out to queenscliff from your private terrace.
the hostel is 1.0 km from bus station, 800 metres from church of nossa senhora de nazaré and 900 m from lake's shopping.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
sterling hostel offers accommodation in tbilisi city, 1.7 km from freedom square.
there is a lounging area with a fireplace and the bar offers a large variety of local new zealand wines.
other cafes, a night club and spa are a short walk away.
the spacious apartments have tiled floors and white walls.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, residence by uga escapes is located just 900 metres from the famous sri lanka national museum.
guests can enjoy an outdoor terrace by the pool.
offering a free bike rental service and an outdoor pool, hotel villa mare is located just a 2-minute walk from the beach at riccione.
the property is 3.8 km from emerald coast centre and 4.9 km from the beaches of south walton.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a garden with a year-round outdoor pool, olive beach villa is a villa situated on the shore of the mediterranean sea, right next to the akamas national nature reserve. the property features views of the sea and is 6 km from lara beach. free wifi is available throughout the property.
the dordrechts museum, offering a vast collection of medieval arts, is less than 600 metres away.
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
the rooms at hotel carayon present cosy and functional spaces.
shanxi, sichan and huaiyang cuisine can be enjoyed at jinzeyuan restaurant, while seafood can be enjoyed at yue gang yuan.
colourful and bright, all rooms come with free wired internet and beautiful sea views.
state academic opera and ballet is 3.2 km from hollywood hostel yekaterinburg, while dormitory of sverdlovsk state academic philharmonic is 3.3 km from the property.
at the end of the day, enjoy luxurious bedding including down comforters, custom duvets and cotton-rich linen at the mystic marriott hotel and spa.
the residence also has a restaurant that serves traditional and local cuisine.
guests can work out in the fitness centre or unwind in the sauna room.
some rooms offer extra luxury and feature a hot tub.
it features free wi-fi, a sauna and rooms with a minibar.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the property is less than one mile from brooklawn golf course.
hot breakfast is available at extra cost.
dar es salaam harbour, with ferries to zanzibar, is 5 km from hotel new rolet.
the award-winning property boasts an outdoor pool and sauna facilities.
free toiletries can be found in the bathroom.
upon your request, the hotel can arrange hot air balloon tours, daily tours and airport transfers.
breakfast is served daily at the property.
teruel bus station is just 5 minutes’ walk from the apartments, and the train station is a 10-minute walk away.
a seating area and private bathroom with shower and hairdryer are included.
at casa bela vista there are barbecue facilities.
located next to the shore of lake balaton, diavolo vip park és kemping offers a snack bar and free barbecue facilities.
the bonsai hotel’s wellness area includes a sauna, fitness centre and turkish bath.
lake dubrava is 1.5 km from the prelog hotel.
offering an outdoor pool, finca campestre santa fe de antioquia is located in santa fe de antioquia.
the nearest airport is queenstown airport, 6 km from alpine lodge backpackers.
massages are available, and the hotel has a japanese restaurant and a cafe.
tenerife norte airport is 8 km away.
it offers an on-site restaurant and modern rooms with free wi-fi access.
set on a hilltop, blue studio offers a quiet location in the morena district of gdańsk.
the famous mulgirigala rock temple is 20 km, mirissa is 49 km away from good karma retreat and udawalawe national park is 65 km.
tenerife sur airport is located 40.8 km away.
sobornaya square and korpusniy garden are 550 meters away.
apartments at paceville apartments comes with a kitchenette complete with a dining table, sofa and a flat-screen tv.
offering accommodation with free wi-fi, jkn serviced residence is just a 3-minute walk from the hongik university area, home to the indie arts scene.
the atta market and gip mall are a 10-minute walk.
there is also a separate bathroom.
various bars, restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property.
the property offers free parking and is approximately a 4-hour drive from buenos aires.
select rooms come with a fan and a tv, while others feature air conditioning and a mini bar.
each bedroom is uniquely decorated and has a terrace, a tv with satellite and cable channels, air conditioning and tea/coffee making facilities.
tea and coffee is also served.
guests can indulge in massages or rent a bicycle to go explore the city of chiang rai.
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can relax in the spacious lobby in front of the fireplace.
guests at chambres d'hôtes domaine d'augy have access to the communal living area and a kitchen equipped with coffee machine, fridge and microwave.
views of the river, garden or city are featured in certain rooms.
each comes with air conditioning/heating facilities, a tv and an electric kettle.
room service is available and the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
the accommodation is provided with washing machine, seating and dining area, satellite-tv and radio.
located in a historic area of antalya, sweet home hotel is a 20-minute walk from the seaside.
shared bathroom facilities are available.
cala en porter is just 10 minutes' drive away.
you can enjoy lunch and dinner at the à la carte restaurant.
beach house zandvoort offers multiple apartments with wooden floors, light décor and free wi-fi in the centre of zandvoort, only 160 metres from the sandy beach.
a variety of restaurants can be found within 950 metres from the premises.
guests can exercise in the gym or get some work done in the business center.
just 3 minutes’ walk away from provost arena, this hotel offers an on-site restaurant and lounge.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the hotel is located in fethiye city centre with many restaurant and shop opportunities nearby.
with practical décor and framed artwork on the walls, they also include cable tv, telephone and minibar.
forty martyrs church is 800 metres from guest rooms tsarevets, while tsarevets fortress is 900 metres from the property.
guests of haus edelweiss can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer.
barbecue equipment is available upon request at the apartments, as is table tennis equipment.
the staff at hipotel paris will be happy to help you organise your stay in paris 24 hours a day.
karaoke services and a beauty salon are also available.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the rooms at the kwatery sopot come with a private or shared bathroom and a tv.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 3 km from the property.
among the amenities provided is a dvd player, flat-screen cable tv, dishwasher and a washing machine.
they come with a seating area with a sofa and a tv. the kitchenette includes a microwave, coffee machine and dining area.
munich central station is 4.3 km from the apartments, and there is a bus stop directly in front of the door (schneemannstrasse).
at ferienwohnungen alfonsstüberl a ski storage room with ski boot dryer is offered.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a tv.
the centre of mali lošinj is 300 metres away.
it offers a large outdoor pool and massage services upon request. free parking is provided.
a coin-launderette is on-site and ski storage is available.
all rooms at b&b 't huys van enaeme come with a work desk and a tv with cable channels.
just a 30-minute drive from indira gandhi international airport, check inn hotel is located in connaught place, new delhi’s commercial district.
the pink floyd hostel is surrounded by shops and restaurants, and is 250 metres from basilica of santa maria maggiore.
wanning high speed railway station is a 25-minute drive away, and it takes 1.5 hours by car from sanya phoenix international airport to the property.
public bus 409 provides direct links to metro lines a and b.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, green house offers accommodation in loreto, 3 km from santuario della santa casa. free private parking is available on site.
centrepoint apartments offer contemporary accommodation within the centrepoint complex of the liosban business park, a 5-minute drive from galway city centre.
the bright hotel rooms come with a flat-screen tv. most rooms include a private bathroom.
the white house offers the continental breakfast with freshly baked croissants and a buffet, whilst within a 10-minute walk there is a wide range of cafes pubs and restaurants.
all rooms are spacious and enchant with their traditional charm.
decorated in bright colours, each air-conditioned room is equipped with a balcony and tv with satellite channels. it has marble floors and a fridge.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
all rooms at palmalife bodrum resort & spa feature a balcony and minibar.
located right by a rocky beach, the air-conditioned apartments dida come with fully equipped kitchenettes, terraces and satellite tvs. the property is located in the centre of the peaceful milna village, 150 metres from a pebbly beach and a grocery shop.
rustaveli theatre is 900 metres from nina's place, while freedom square is 1.5 km from the property.
this cranberry township, pennsylvania hotel features an indoor pool.
the modern apartment features a balcony with garden views, a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher, and a washing machine.
polo park shopping centre is 2 km from this hotel.
towels and a daily maid service are included.
from castello di bolgheri, guests can visit the nearby tuscan towns, such as the medieval town of volterra, a 50-minute drive away.
the salzburg-nord motorway exit is only a few minutes’ drive away.
all units are equipped with air conditioning, tv and bathroom amenities.
serra do rio do rastro and vale das neves are 60 km from the property.
luoyang airport is 13 km away.
a laundromat, a mini-market and a children’s playground are on site.
featuring a relaxing garden and an international atmosphere, casa "los gekos" managua is a typical nicaraguan house located in managua.
they also have a full-wall mirror and a coffee maker.
fitted with tiled flooring, all rooms are completed with a tv, a refrigerator and a safety deposit box.
based on the stunning 300-acre grounds of the university of stirling, guests can enjoy beech court's on-site sports and leisure facilities.
guests can enjoy a hammam, a sauna and thalassotherapy treatments at reduced rate at a spa located a 15-minute walk from the hotel.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar.
each modern room here has air conditioning and heating, as well as a flat-screen cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower, bathrobes and slippers.
avesta park features free wifi .
free bbq evenings are organised once a week by the winnewieser-hof’s staff.
the living room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
situated in kūrchatov, this apartment features free wifi, a hot tub and a balcony with river views.
there is a sauna and an infrared cabin.
murcia is 43 km from apartment el eucalipto, while torrevieja is 14 km from the property.
piazza vecchia is 2.9 km from vinko casa, while atleti azzurri d'italia stadium is 4.2 km away.
the two open-air restaurants are specialized in traditional, local food with an international touch as well as organic farmed fruits and vegetables.
other facilities at ca vostra include an outdoor pool.
located 800 metres from belarusian national arts museum, apartments on ulyanovskaya 39 offers pet-friendly accommodation in minsk. the apartment is 1 km from pishchalausky castle.
the cnn center is less than 15 miles from the hotel.
the famous tram 28 stop is 100 metres away from vila flor lisbon flats - chiado.
guests can dine on local cuisine and wine, in the several restaurants located in the cultural and historical city of bragança, a 10-minute drive away.
guests can relax at the outdoor pool or in the on-site spa area.
the port is only 200 metres away and sainte agathe fort is 500 metres from the hotel.
the property’s restaurant offers provençal specialities.
at uenohirokoji r&b hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
pasikkudah resort is situated right next to the beach in kalkudah and features a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities, as well as an on-site restaurant and a games room.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
featuring contemporary décor and furnishing, each air-conditioned room comes equipped with a flat-screen tv and a minibar.
there is free shuttle service at the property.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
villa maruja offers 2 double bedrooms, 1 twin bedroom and 1 single bedroom.
additionally they have bed linen, towels and a garden view.
the nearest airport is lombok international airport, 49 km from joka joka gili air santay.
the alpine-style rooms are fitted with a private bathroom featuring a shower.
at apartments burcul pag, guests can find a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the hotel is also conveniently located in the commercial area where many business locations and offices are near-by.
burj khalifa is 1 km from hometown - central park, while the dubai fountain is 1.2 km from the property.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
the hotel is a 45-minute drive from phuket international airport.
a kids' club for children ages 4 to 12 organises creative workshops, games and sporting activities.
towels are featured.
each apartment awaits guests with a flat-screen cable tv, a living area with a sofa bed, a kitchen or a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a fridge, and a bathroom with a bathtub.
some units also feature a balcony.
rooms feature antique-inspired furnishings and free wi-fi.
the kitchen comes with a microwave. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is offered.
the property can offer guided hiking tours for a surcharge.
days inn hazelwood is 17 miles from busch stadium, home to the saint louis cardinals baseball team.
the parthénon hotel’s dynamic and professional team offer quality services and will be happy to help you 24-hours a day.
located in the centre of fiss, hotel garni fernblick offers free wi-fi and free underground parking.
san donato metro stop is 850 metres from the rege.
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
capers at the beach bar & grill offers modern australian cuisine and a stylish atmosphere on the waterfront.
situated at the foot of table mountain, mountain magic garden is only 10 minutes away from cape town's major attractions, including victoria and alfred waterfront.
the property offers free parking.
guests at hotel friedrichstraße receive a 10% discount at the nearby restaurant paradies and at the weinwetzel wine tavern.
the house can accommodate up to six persons.
rice stadium is 1.2 km from rodeway inn & suites medical center, while rice university is 1.6 km away.
it offers free wifi, a communal kitchen, tv lounge and free access to a shared hot tub.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the bathroom.
you will find a tour desk at the property.
this historic, 4-star hotel in wartmannsroth is beside the bayrische rhön nature park.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath.
celtic football club stadium is under 10 minutes’ drive away.
a 5-minute drive from mumbai international airport, waterstones hotel offers cosy rooms with a flat-screen cable tv. it features a variety of recreational facilities and a restaurant.
it is located 700 metres from the cathedral and 550 metres from the edge of river rhône.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
the restaurant at l'auberge de flirey features exposed beams and a mezzanine level.
the guest house is 800 metres from village square, 2.8 km from hamilton russel vineyards and 4.5 km from la vierge winery.
tom jobim international airport (gig) is at a distance of 35 km.
all units at the hotel feature air conditioning, cable tv, a desk and a balcony. private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
a continental breakfast is available on site.
temple of heaven is 5 km from venice international youth hostel.
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport, 14 km from campitelli apartment.
all private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
alushta is 46 km from relax guest house, while hurzuf is 30 km away.
the villa has a 4 bedrooms, a fireplace and a dining table for 10 people.
it features free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception desk.
the private bathroom comes with a bath and a shower.
this 3-star hotel, situated in renovated school building from the beginning of the 20th century, provides free wi-fi.
neptuno beach apartment offers accommodation in las palmas de gran canaria, 800 metres from parque de santa catalina. the apartment is 800 metres from centro comercial el muelle.
ticketing and sightseeing arrangement services are provided at the tour desk.
the property offers free parking.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
düsseldorf exhibition grounds can be reached easily by u-bahn and s-bahn connections from neuss main train station.
south-facing room offer views towards the combins mountains, and from north-facing rooms you can watch the life on the streets of verbier.
the front desk is open 24-hours for guest assistance.
these luxury bradenton, florida holiday homes are 17 minutes' drive from img academy, home of the bollettieri and img tennis program.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out avenue des champs-elysées (1.9 km). pigalle metro station is also 1.9 km away. paris - charles de gaulle airport is located 22 km from the property.
ideally located in the centre of the old town, this hotel is a very convenient location from which to explore the many attractions of the region.
coach's corner sports pub at the ramada hotel features large-screen tvs and is open for lunch and dinner.
situated amidst a lush tropical garden, threewin homestay is located 600 metres away from ubud market.
just 50 metres from pitangueiras beach, guarujá park offers a 4-bedroom apartment with a balcony and sea view.
nieuwmarkt as well as kalverstraat, hermitage and rembrandtplein are within 15 minutes walking.
there is free wi-fi and free parking.
built according to the traditional local architecture, filios xenonas alexandros is located in anilio village of pelion mountain.
featuring a large balcony with views over table mountain, apartments at the afribode rockwell come with an open-plan lounge including sofas, a flat-screen satellite tv, and a dvd player.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage and free parking facilities. laundry/ironing facilities are offered at a surcharge.
it offers free wifi in the entire property and free on-site parking.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath or shower.
all apartments are within a 5-minute walk of ploshchad vosstaniya metro station, providing connections to all parts of the city.
at camping indije you will find the exchange office, as well as the tourist agency that can help you organise various excursions. an array of activities can be enjoyed, jogging trails and cycling lanes are scattered throughout the area, while diving and canoeing can be arranged on site.
located in the world heritage ainokura village, guests at choyomon stay in a traditional gassho-style house.
the resort is 4.4 km from chiang mai gate and 4.9 km from chiang mai night bazaar. the chiang mai airport is 5 km away.
residence urb.
a fan is also provided.
featuring free wifi access, the rooms at the hotel avidea are spacious and fitted with natural wood furniture and cosy carpets.
located in chiang mai, strips the poshtel offers neat and clean accommodation with free wifi throughout. private parking is provided for those who drive and is free of charge.
guests can visit the on-site canteen, and the restaurant is located at the same building.
it also offers a bicycle and car rental service.
these rooms offer a flat-screen tv, a cooling fan and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
lunch and dinner is also available while refreshing drinks can be enjoyed here.
offering views of the outeniqua mountains, cherry berry guest house is located a 5-minute drive from central george.
while mannheim airport is 5 km from hotel am bismarck, the a6 and a5 motorways are both 1 km away.
rooms offer complimentary wifi.
the restaurant at sever hotel serves russian and international cuisine.
with a balcony, le pergole's villa has a fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms and a living room with double sofa bed.
free wifi access is available.
towels are featured.
nice is 22 km away.
the nearest restaurant is 500 metres from the koblar rooms.
other facilities offered include a tour desk, dry cleaning and a laundry.
at hotel morskie oko you can find a fitness centre or play billiards.
the villa comprises a living room with a dining area, tv and fireplace. there is a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower.
shops can be found a short walk away.
certain units include a seating area for your convenience.
many shops, restaurants and lively bars can be found in the streets around the torre coral condominio.
there are several walking routes around the property and st idloes golf club, which offers panoramic views over the town, is only 2 miles away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
situated 5 minutes’ walk from kristianstad train station, this property offers free wi-fi access and rooms with tvs and work desks. kristianstad theatre is a 2-minute walk away.
the small studio apartment is located downstairs under the managers house at the rear of the property.
set over 2 floors, ca n'anita beach house has attractive mediterranean décor and a whitewashed façade.
all rooms include a shared bathroom.
an award-winning breakfast is served in either of the dining areas, using the freshest of locally sourced ingredients.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
gura râului lake is located 21 km from the pensiunea rafael.
there is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit.
they are located in the quiet nienstedten district, a 10-minute train ride from hamburg city centre.
it features a restaurant, free parking and bike hire.
fitted with parquet flooring and wooden furnishings, air-conditioned rooms feature a personal safe, a flat-screen cable tv, minibar and seating area.
wi-fi is available free of charge, and free private parking is possible on site.
tannpopo fuji condominium is a 20-minute drive from gotemba outlet shopping mall, and a 40-minute drive from fuji safari park.
los arqueros golf resort also includes a terrace. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
a ski bus stops 100 metres away.
marbella and puerto banús are also nearby.
some interconnecting rooms are available for groups of guests or families.
hurghada international airport is located 17 km away.
eduardo casanova's archeological museum is 1 km away.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
each room and studio has a flat-screen cable/satellite tv, safe and kitchen with stove, oven, electric kettle and minibar.
the property offers free parking.
providing free private parking, icheck inn residences patong offers a free daily maid service while an airport shuttle and laundry services can be arranged for an extra charge.
taipei airport is 10 minutes' drive away.
it offers comfortable guest rooms.
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
the charming building retains the cosiness of a traditional swedish home.
guests can enjoy sipping a refreshing cocktail at the pool bar or make a room service order for dining convenience.
you can enjoy a sea view and a mountain view from all the rooms.
luxury apartment stadhouderskade also has a study and 2 bedrooms with a bathroom each.
guests are 22.6 miles from the gulf islands national seashore at this pensacola, florida hotel.
there are also a dining area and a living room with a tv and dvd player.
central moscow is a 50-minute drive from country hotel aniva and free private parking is available at the hotel.
guests can hire bicycles or skiing equipment. there is also a barbecue area.
the nearby karaagach river is suitable for fishing.
mieszkania przy plaży miejskiej also includes a terrace.
the central location of the hotel am rathaus means that all of flensburg's sites can be easily reached on foot.
the private bathroom comes with a bath and shower.
b&b altes rathaus offers a wine bar where guests can taste a variety of wine selections and snacks.
it offers rooms with a shared kitchen and a living room.
room service is available.
the house overlooks the whitsunday passage towards hamilton island.
the unspoiled beaches of caños de meca and playa de los ingleses can both be reached in 35 minutes ́drive.
they feature a spacious seating area with a sofa and a 32'' flat-screen tv with cable channels.
each unit comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a dvd player, and a seating area with a sofa. guests benefit from a well-equipped kitchenette, that comes with a dining table.
penzion u petry is 10 km from the nové hamry ski area, while boží dar ski area is 30 km away.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
the nearest airport is ivano-frankovsk airport, 56 km from romantyka.
sophin rooms are bright and feature modern furnishings.
the rooms are traditionally decorated with wood-panelled walls and parquet floors.
petitenget temple is 800 metres from villa kayan, while seminyak beach is 1 km from the property.
a sweet continental breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
the coastal narrow gauge railway retro is 200 metres away.
just 400 metres from the beach, the family-run hotel españa offers rooms with free wi-fi in mar del plata.
this unique ice hotel is located on st. helen’s island, 5 km from montreal city centre.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
meals are not available on site but there are various eating places in the area.
free wifi is offered in public areas.
the tour desk can provide tips on exploring quito.
the next bus stop is only 100 metres and the bern main train station is about 1 km away from the la pergola hotel.
warszawa powiśle railway station is within 4 km, and promenada shopping centre is within 2.5 km.
the property is located at a short distance from estrela garden and the estrela basilica.
the kitchen has a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is available.
free wi-fi is featured at apartments on nezavisismosti street.
free high-speed wifi is available in all areas.
utrecht is a 25-minute drive away, whilst amsterdam is 40 minutes by car.
standing just off i-40 and less than 2 miles from downtown cookeville, this hotel features a seasonal outdoor pool.
private parking is available on site.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
featuring oversized glass panels that let much natural light in, the coffee shop offers breakfast daily.
luang prabang international airport is a 15-minute ride away.
the z bar motel is 1.4 miles from interstate 25.
vale do milho golf is a 5-minute drive from the property.
each soundproofed guest room at the inter-hotel bagatelle has a private bathroom.
salla sports centre is 400 metres away. salla village centre is a 10-minute drive from the cottages.
each room feature air conditioning, safe box, electric kettle and a minibar. there is also a balcony.
the nearest airport is rijeka airport, 25 km from guesthouse gauss.
located in front of the danube and featuring a restaurant and a seasonal outdoor pool, motel la popescu offers pet-friendly accommodation in feteşti. free wifi and free private parking on site is available.
a free shuttle service to the beach is provided on site.
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
at el palacio del corregidor you will find a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
the private bathroom comes with an hydromassage shower or a spa bath and a hairdryer.
each apartment offers a private entrance, and either a balcony or terrace with views of the bavarian alps.
a variety of restaurants and bars are located 1 km away in jonquière city centre.
the air-conditioned rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors and japanese futon bedding.
other facilities like ski storage are offered.
a breakfast buffet is provided daily at the scheffelhöhe hotel.
guests benefit from terrace.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv and private bathroom.
each unit features a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hair dryer.
featuring a private outdoor pool, barbecue facilities and a small gym, villa bella is located in teguise, 500 metres from the beach.
free garage parking is available on site.
depending on the number of travellers, airport shuttle service can be organized upon request and at an additional surcharge.
it also offers free private parking.
set in a grand grade i listed property once home to politicians and lords, this hotel has 22 acres of rural parkland.
that means you can easily explore the island.
this card offers many free benefits and discounts, including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck.
it is next to a ski bus stop and offers apartments with a washing machine and balcony.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
featuring a patio, downtown spacious 2-bedroom condo is located in salt lake city.
some rooms can accommodate up to 10 guests.
guests are welcome to relax in the chiemgauhof’s spa area with sauna and solarium.
most units come with a fully equipped kitchenette featuring a microwave.
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a hairdryer.
other facilities at albergue rural econatur include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
a flat-screen tv is available.
state opera house is 700 metres from royal business holiday apartments, while hungarian national museum is 900 metres from the property.
in summer, the z-ticket, which comprises many free benefits such as free use of local cable cars, can be bought on site.
on arrival be greeted with a cup of tea or a freshly squeezed juice.
thurnher's alpenhof, a member of the leading hotels of the world, is a luxurious 5-star hotel in zürs am arlberg, surrounded by beautiful mountain scenery.
a sauna and a sun bed are on site, and free wifi is available.
spacious and air conditioned, all bungalows and apartments open out to a terrace with garden, pool or mediterranean sea views.
pulkovo airport is 17 km away.
extra spacious suites and villas all open out on to private balconies with views of the infinity pool and the sea.
the hotel is 4.8 km from dalian university of foreign languages.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
all of them feature tiled floors and cable tv.
mystic hot springs of monroe is 11.4 miles from this hotel.
located in ayios tykhonas, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony with sea views.
it offers rooms with free wi-fi.
each room here will provide you with a private bathroom including a hairdryer.
saint isaac's cathedral is 7 km from apartment on stachek 73, while admiralty building is 8 km away.
all rooms are air-conditioned and feature free access to wi-fi.
besides it provides a refrigerator, a coffee machine and a minibar.
the hotel has a rooftop with infinity pool, private beach area, and suites with free high-speed wifi.
guests can ask for bike rentals at reception, while a shuttle service to/from the airport is available at an extra cost.
the property is 2.5 km from nice-ville train station and 7.5 km from nice côte d'azur airport.
a sweet buffet breakfast is provided daily.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
the rooms also have picturesque views from the windows.
the large kitchen opens out to the terrace and features a dining table made of wooden pallets, and a modern layout.
spaso-efimov monastery is a 2-minute walk, and pozharskogo park is a 3-minute walk away.
bundesplatz s-bahn (city rail) station is just 300 metres away.
a fast food kiosk is available on site, as well as a small grocery store with snacks and breakfast food items.
guests have access to 2 common rooms with free wi-fi access tvs and sofas.
all rooms are brightly decorated and include free wi-fi and a work desk.
free snorkelling and swimming with turtles is included for stays of 1 week or more.
parc monceau is 450 metres away.
the city of venlo is a 10-minute drive from the apartment.
a flat-screen tv with a dvd player, free wifi access and an ipod docking station are provided in each apartment. every kitchen is fully equipped and includes a dishwasher, washing machine and a nespresso coffee machine with free capsules daily.
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven, stovetop, toaster, coffee machine, and microwave.
breakfast and dinner are served each day at the hotel restaurant, while room service is also available.
guests can easily find local restaurants, located within a 3-minute walk from the hostel.
pattaya floating market is 3 km away, while it takes 15 minutes to drive to pattaya park.
free housekeeping is provided every week.
topkapi palace, hagia sophia, bascillica cistern and the tramline are within 1 km.
it features a daily continental breakfast and free wi-fi. guest rooms offer cable tv.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. a refrigerator and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
equipped with a fridge, select units provide a plush sofa in the seating area.
otranto and maglie train station are located 20 minutes’ drive away, while lecce is 27 km from the property.
the restaurant serves buffets of italian cuisine and abruzzo specialities mostly based on fresh fish.
safari lodge has a restaurant and bar in a separate open-sided building.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada dos anjos paracuru is located 20 metres from praia da bica beach, and 300 metres from paracuru city centre.
each air-conditioned room has a flat-screen tv, private bathroom, bathrobe and free wifi.
each offers free on-site parking and a private balcony.
mariinsky theatre is 900 metres from fry style, while admiralty building is 1 km from the property.
this love hotel also boasts dance poles and love sofas.
wroclaw – copernicus airport is located 11 km away.
other facilities at espace holiday homes - fairview business bay include a fitness centre and year-round outdoor pool.
en suite bathrooms come with a bathtub .
this 3-star hotel is a tastefully restored 19th-century building, situated on a quiet side street surrounded by beautiful gardens, near the centre of the thuringian city of gera.
all units at kammerlandhof come with a balcony, separate bedrooms and a living room with a kitchenette.
it offers soundproofed guest rooms equipped with a flat-screen tv and free wifi access.
haukaas enamel workshop is a 7-minute walk away. the sognefjord aquarium in balestrand village centre is a 10-minute drive away.
it lies within a short walk from taverns, bars and shops.
located a 15-minute walk from belorusskaya and ulitsa 1905 goda metro stations, sadovoye koltso belorusskaya apartments feature a seating area and a tv.
hotel holiday is conveniently located in the heart of kota kinabalu, within walking distance of large shopping malls and fresh market.
the castell is easily accessible from the ap7 motorway.
activities in the surrounding area include water sports and fishing.
a public beach at lake zell with a heated pool, as well as a tennis court are a 7-minute walk away.
rome fiumicino airport is 27 km from the property.
free wi-fi access is available. it offers a sauna, a gym and a restaurant.
aqualuz is located among white sandy beaches protruding in the atlantic ocean on the troia peninsula.
all rooms have air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
the local supermarket and bar are a 2-minute walk away from casa rural manubles .
rooms at nassau hostal have large windows, which make them very bright.
guests can use the copy and fax machine provided by the hotel.
front desk staff at słowianin can provide assistance 24 hours a day.
the nearest airport is kuala lumpur international airport, 8 km from the property.
hotel offers rooms with cable tv and free internet.
durau is 13 km from pensiunea ioana, while piatra neamţ is 23 km away.
the kitchenette comes with a fridge, electric kettle and kitchen utensils.
located in skagen, holiday home strandklit v can accommodate up to eight persons and offers a panoramic sea view from the room.
the panzió pergola also offers an opportunity to organise shuttle service upon request.
a supermarket can be found 250 metres away and the centre of körmend is 1 km away.
each comes with a private bathroom.
there is a private bathroom with a bath, bidet and shower, and slippers and a hairdryer are available.
the tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements.
kato trikala korinthias is 43 km from villa in loutraki, while aegina town is 48 km away.
offering a private beach, an outdoor pool and georgian cuisine, this hotel lies in the black sea resort of kobuleti.
you will find a kettle in the room. each room comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bidet. extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet including gluten-free and organic options.
the hotel restaurant serves both local romanian and international dishes.
all rooms are equipped with a tv. certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
worlds of fun amusement park is a 20-minute drive from fairfield kansas city.
with a 24-hour front desk, staff can assist with currency exchange and ticketing services.
each air-conditioned room at the hilton princess includes a minibar, coffee maker and safe.
the kitchen is equipped with a ceramic hob.
free wi-fi is included in the apartments.
you can reach the mediterranean sea in 35 minutes by car.
the bathroom in the apartment is fitted with a shower.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
offering a ski school and a ski pass sales point, studio zorro is situated in pas de la casa.
the guesthouse is approximately 20 km from andong teuk village on road 48, which is linked to koh kong province, thailand.
guest house toff lanta offers air conditioned rooms with free wifi in public areas. situated 600 metres from klong dao beach, the property features a tour desk and ticket service.
the six-bedroom accommodation is provided with satellite-tv, a terrace and a seating area.
batumi international airport is 15 km away.
featuring wooden fittings and a private balcony, air-conditioned rooms all come with a personal safe.
a 24-hour snack bar and grocery shopping service are also available.
spa area, as well as massages and various cosmetics treatments can be used at a surcharge.
each room will provide you with air conditioning, a wardrobe and tiled floor. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
a cable car links ponte di legno with passo del tonale during both summer and winter.
bikes are available at the property.
knoxville airport-alcoa candlewood suites includes a barbecue area and a children’s playground.
a comfortable sitting room with large sofa-bed, flat-screen tv, has french doors opening on to a furnished patio.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
mid-continent airport is located 20 km from the property.
a sweet italian breakfast is served in the dining room each morning.
all air-conditioned rooms have a tv and private bathroom.
it houses a traditional indian spa. an outdoor pool and fitness centre also await guests.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 28 km from pro-svet apartment.
all rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv. certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
glyfada is 13 km from fantasia apartment, while sarandë is 33 km from the property.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv and minibar.
the beautiful countryside at your doorstep offers interesting sports and leisure activities throughout the year.
free parking can be found on site.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and views of the sea, apartmani meb is set in dobra voda just 150 metres from the veliki pijesak beach. free wifi is provided throughout the property.
featuring an air conditioning or a fan, rooms at mar casado offer a tv and private bathroom with a hot shower.
this holiday home is 60 km from kastrup airport.
berggasthaus marmorbruch is a 10-minute drive from grindelwald’s centre and train station.
private bathrooms have bath or shower.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
room features include a flat-screen tv, tea/coffee facilities with homemade biscuits and private bathrooms.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
free private parking is available on site.
oviedo cathedral and the asturias museum of fine art are within 500 metres of the hotel.
towels and bed linen are offered at apartamento rio de janeiro.
air-conditioned rooms here come with a safe and a minibar. the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower or a bath.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
featuring warm tones and modern-style design with wall-to-wall mirrors, all rooms at kreoli hotel have carpeted floors and include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it features a small wellness area with a steam bath and sauna.
staff at the complex’s 24-hour reception are happy to provide information about the city. they can also arrange taxi transfers to the city centre or airport, at an extra cost.
casa al campanile is a self-catering apartment located in trarego. the property is in classic style and has a wide terrace enjoying panoramic views.
each including bed linen, towels, a washing machine and cleaning products, apartments at the rentgena 15 are simply furnished. they feature a bedroom, a bathroom, and a separate kitchen.
located in tianhe district, xinghui international apartment is 2 km from guangzhou tower.
all rooms have a private bathroom with a bathtub and free toiletries.
the apartment is a 3-minute walk from place pigalle.
there is a selection of restaurants and bars in the centre of portonovo, 1.5 km away, and the popular seaside resort of sanxenxo is only 2.5 km away.
located in weifang city centre opposite dongyuan park, city government hotel features a mahjong room and business centre. all rooms come with free wired internet.
the one hotel surat features rooms with free wi-fi and free dvd rental.
le clos vallis rooms will provide you with a shared terrace and a garden or a courtyard view.
a buffet breakfast is available every morning in the hotel’s dining room.
each air-conditioned room includes a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
the nearest airport is zakynthos international "dionysios solomos" airport, 19 km from laura beach house.
featuring views of the sea and garden, accommodations at casa al mar are fitted with fully equipped kitchens, game consoles ps3, flat-screen satellite tvs and dvd players.
free wi-fi access is available in the public areas, while activities such as snorkelling and canoeing can be enjoyed on site.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation.
kronos also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
located 1 km from the banks of the semois river, the auberge is set on a hill overlooking the belgian ardennes.
grandeur east offers free private parking on site.
alba is an exclusive italian restaurant while refreshing beverages can be enjoyed at the bar uno.
equipped with air conditioning and heating facilities, rooms feature a personal computer, flat-screen tv, fridge and wardrobe.
a fridge and electric kettle are provided.
s-bahn (railway) 300m.
after working out in the fitness centre, guests at the burlington smart suites hotel can relax in the hot tub and sauna.
each room features simple décor and includes a clock radio.
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer, soft bathrobes and a bathtub.
a shuttle service is available to munich airport for a small surcharge and subject to prior reservation at the hotel.
wifi is available free of charge.
at positive apartments you will find a shared kitchen and shared bathroom facilities.
each unit comes with a furnished terrace and satellite tv.
the nearest airport is urgench international airport, 32 km from the property.
each has satellite tv and a minibar.
a refrigerator, coffee maker and 24-hour room service are also provided.
some rooms have a shared bathroom.
the common room is fitted with a tv, tables and chairs, table tennis, microwave and a kettle.
free wi-fi is offered in all guest rooms at westshore oceanfront.
located on santa rosa beach on the shores of the gulf of mexico, this beachfront resort features an outdoor pool and tennis courts.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
the property offers free parking.
apart vg also includes a spa centre and hot tub.
tivat airport is 67 km away.
the henry b. gonzalez-san antonio convention center is 18 miles away.
it is a 5-minute walk from the historic tran quoc pagoda.
there are sign-posted cycle routes and a reservoir in podhájí, just 4 km away.
some units are fitted with balconies, fireplaces, seating areas and heating.
villa mask also includes a barbecue.
rooms at hotel madison bahia feature simple, functional decor and come with a tv, safe and private bathroom with toiletries.
it includes a flat-screen tv, ipod dock, free wi-fi and contemporary furniture.
the guest rooms at the charlotte city center courtyard include a flat-screen tv and a work desk. a coffee maker, hair dryer and ironing facilities are provided.
matahari department store and taha syaifuddin airport are both 20 minutes’ drive away from the property.
set in a green and exclusive residential district, the byron hotel features 29 finely furnished rooms and suites.
free wifi access is available as well as a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
agios lazaros square is 1 km from pool apartment, while finikoudes promenade is 1.3 km away.
the guest house has a 24-hour reception, offering a tour desk and luggage storage.
this guest house offers rooms with spectacular views of florence and a private bathroom.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as a cd player are offered.
the ultra-modern kitchens have a stove, oven, dishwasher and a washing machine.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided.
hotel concorde el salam has 8 restaurants, ranging from italian restaurant to abou aouf restaurant serving egyptian and lebanese dishes.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
free bicycle are available to rent.
featuring a shower, shared bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
towels and bed linen are included.
this guesthouse is 29 km from zumbi dos palmares airport.
the private bathroom features a bath or shower.
all rooms at the sabolini have satellite tv, minibar and private bathroom.
the apartments are scattered around a 1000-m2 swimming pool.
special diets can also be catered for.
it is an environmentally friendly resort and features an outdoor pool. free wi-fi is available throughout the property.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
the nearest airport is delhi international airport, 9 km from the property.
guests can find a supermarket 2 km away and convenience stores within 600 metres.
the family-run hotel kordelya provides rooms with hand-woven curtains and bed linen.
set in la boquita, 35 km from salinas, myrinamar b&b hotel boasts a restaurant and free wifi throughout the property.
the rooms at buckfold cottage b&b feature a flat-screen tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
featuring an outdoor pool and a restaurant, hotel turismo termal offers accommodations with free wifi access in los baños del inca.
the first business class hotel in the area aims business professionals interested in making the best out of their stay in targu mures, and it is the best choice for leisure traveler as well.
the grand central airport of johannesburg is only 23 km away.
each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and shower.
offering river nile views from its roof terrace, tiba hotel provides simply furnished rooms located in central aswan.
with a garden equipped with bbq facilities, li cosi boni offers self-catering apartments in santa maria coghinas, a 15-minute drive from san pietro a mare sandy beaches.
there is a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
the motel is located within a 10-minute drive of lake erie state park, which features beach access.
jacque vacation home has a concierge desk that can assist guests with requests during their stay.
this small, charming hotel is a good destination for those who are looking for the serenity of a village setting with splendid, surrounding, landscape and using it as a base for visiting other whitewashed villages, cities and the coast. just a half an hour drive to malaga city centre and airport, the coast and several golf courses, the typical andalusian village has all you need from shops, bars and restaurants, as well as a regular bus service to malaga.
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport, 83 km from the property.
this converted victorian prison is now a stunning boutique hotel offering unique luxury accommodation in historic oxford.
jan's place in the old town offers pet-friendly accommodation in prague. the apartment is 300 metres from prague astronomical clock.
guests may laze in soothing massage, work out at the fitness centre, take part in one of the water sport activities or simply enjoy a beautiful afternoon by riding a bike at the property.
apartamentos turísticos la castilleja are located in el brillante residential area, 8 minutes' drive from the centre of córdoba.
offering stylish rooms with free wi-fi, the saba hotel is set in el cangrejo, 15 minutes’ walk from plaza concordia square and panama city's financial district.
located in suchohrdly, this holiday home features a garden with a barbecue. guests can benefit from a terrace. free wifi is available throughout the property.
guests can make use of the business corner with internet access, located next to the reception.
alternatively, in-room dining options are available.
green areca villa has a terrace with garden views and free wifi in hoi an.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the accommodation gives guests the option of bringing their own bedding or hiring it from the property.
the apartment includes 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, as well as a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it offers an outdoor terrace and garden, and free wi-fi access.
situated right in the middle of the southern shore of lake balaton in balatonszemes, the szinbád wellness hotel can be found on a peaceful and quiet spot surrounded by trees.
the miskolctapolca cave bath is 20 km, the tourist resort of lillafüred is 28 km and the bánkút ski resort is 40 km away.
located in rio de janeiro’s copacabana district, apartamento barata ribeiro is 300 metres from copacabana beach and offers self-catering accommodation.
just a 5-minute drive from grand mall, al ferdous hotel apartments occupies a beachfront location in muscat.
a supermarket, a restaurant and a shopping centre are 500 metres away from berger ferienwohnung.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
the hotel is 1.5 km from gregory lake, 7.2 km from hakgala botanical garden and 1.3 km from nuwara eliya golf club.
the main bus and train station, as well as split ferry port are at a distance of 2.5 km.
guests can drive 27 km to col de l’iseran or 12 km to val d’isère ski resort. chevril lake is 5 km away. bourg-saint-maurice train station is 20 km away.
you will be near cortina d'ampezzo at this 3-star hotel, set within easy reach of the main ski slopes and the mountain trails of san vito di cadore.
grand seaview features free wifi throughout the property.
natali apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in võru. the unit is 5 km from juba.
at rooms kancelir you will find a garden and a terrace.
all units feature a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
the nearest metro station at kobylisy, on line c, is set 500 metres from hotel libuše, and it offers connections towards prague main train station and the centre of the city.
a barbecue is available in the hotel’s garden as well.
the property offers a 24-hour front desk service and room service.
guests can enjoy a continental breakfast each morning and there is free wi-fi throughout the property.
a hot tub is also featured.
guests can also enjoy free wifi, a restaurant and a bar.
a fitness centre with treadmills and a wall-mounted tv is accessible to all guests of rockwall holiday inn express. on-site meeting facilities and a business centre with fax and photocopy services are also provided.
it is 15 minutes' drive to the living desert.
they come with a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge, electric kettle and coffee maker, a tv and a private bathroom.
supetar with the ferry terminal is 8 km away.
warsaw old town with many restaurants and cafés is just a 12-minute drive away.
riviera access - petit juas is a self-catering accommodation located in cannes, 10 minutes’ walk from la croisette. the property is 500 metres from palais des festivals de cannes and 500 metres from cannes casino barrière.
just a 10-minute drive from al masjid al haram, durrat al masafi is located in mecca.
guests can enjoy international dishes at the restaurant.
the apartment features a living room with a flat-screen tv and dvd player, a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathrobe.
offering a private outdoor pool and a sun terrace with mountain and sea views, villa magnolia is located in santa eularia des riu, 10 minutes' drive from the beach.
the property is 1 km from the kabaty forest. the warsaw chopin airport, from which shuttle services can be provided, is within 10 km.
staff at the 24-hour reception can attend to guests’ requests.
air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
a restaurant is available on site.
in winter, guests can get to the ski bus station within 130 metres.
nearby attractions include centro comercial myramar, zoo de fuengirola, puerto and acuapark.
split airport is 20 km away.
this air-conditioned apartment features a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area.
both whitelake park and puskawa national park are within an hours’ drive.
hotel sky towers features free wifi throughout the property.
the hotel is a 30-minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport and ramkhamhaeng university is a 20-minute ride away.
qiandaohu bandao shiguang apartment can only accept mainland chinese citizens.
guests of rossland big red lodge are offered space for luggage and ski storage.
the ramada is located on the tunisian coast, near the sandy beaches of the côte de carthage.
a 5-minute drive takes guests to phung chang cave, while phang nga bay is 40 km away and khao lak is 58 km away.
the nearest airport is varna airport, 18 km from panoramic maisonette iglika.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and provides a hairdryer.
guests can relax at the sun loungers by the pool and enjoy a drink or a light snack at the poolside snack bar.
offering an on-site restaurant with a terrace, lenape heights golf resort is located in ford city, pennsylvania.
the kitchen has a microwave, a toaster and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine. a flat-screen tv is provided.
located a 5-minute walk from lake garda, hotel al sole bardolino offers accommodation with free wifi in bardolino.
free luggage storage is available at the front desk and self-catering is possible in the communal kitchen.
the rooms include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
local joliet restaurants and cocktail lounges include al's steakhouse, bob evans, david's italian cuisine, old country buffet, earl's, secrets and syl's.
various services including grocery deliveries, dry cleaning and shuttle service are also offered.
the popular fairy stream is 80 metres away.
there are several restaurants within a 5-minute drive.
free wifi is available.
right on terceira beach, this guest house is surrounded by tropical gardens.
międzyzdroje is 19 km from osrodek heljan, while heringsdorf is 35 km from the property.
each apartment features a flat-screen tv in the seating area and a private bathroom with shower.
heraklion international airport is 25 km away.
the accommodation will provide a satellite tv and a seating area and a dining table. the kitchen comes with a microwave.
the toscana naumburg is a 40-minute drive from jena and 50 minutes from leipzig via the a38 motorway.
the air-conditioned suites of fairfield inn & suites twentynine palms have a modern and colorful interior. all suites feature a mini-fridge, a microwave, a seating area, and a work desk.
featuring a fireplace, the cosy living room comes with a sofa and tv. there is also a dining area.
a shared garden with barbecue facilities and a children's playground is at guests' disposal.
the simply furnished rooms are provided with a work desk, electric kettle and a telephone.
duomo metro stop, set 280 metres away, offers direct connections with the expo 2015 exhibition centre.
each apartment at noarlunga mcloud house features a balcony, dining table, fireplace, flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
some units have a balcony and/or patio with garden or city views.
activities and sights in chefchaouen include the medina, the waterfall, old mosque and the kasbah.
the volga river embankment is a 5-minute walk away.
courtyard bloomingdale offers guests a 24-hour market and gym.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
a free ski bus to the spieljochbahn cable car and to hochfügen stops right outside.
jemal's guest house is located in makhinjauri, on the black sea, and is just 100 metres from makhinjauri beach.
extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
they have heating and private bathrooms with amenities and showers.
the simple bungalow, made of wood, comes with a fan and tiled floors.
guests can enjoy a game of ping-pong or billiards, browse the gift shop or use the barbecue facilities.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for diving.
the apartments at the hotel guidon apartments have their own private entrance and wooden flooring.
most rooms also have a balcony.
granada is 70 km away and malaga is 100 km from the hotel.
mountain views can be enjoyed on the terrace or in the garden.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub.
airport shuttles can be arranged for an additional cost.
varna airport is 30 km away.
this accommodation offers 2 fully equipped houses located in garachico.
there is a full kitchenette where guests are welcome to prepare their meals.
breakfast is included.
all rooms and suites comprise a flat-screen tv with cable channels, air conditioning and a minibar.
pampering massage can be enjoyed in the room.
belgorod train station is 4 km from the property.
the front desk is available 24 hours a day free parking is provided on site.
surrounded by landscaped gardens and pine trees, 400 metres away from fourka beach, bellagio features a large pool with sun terrace, a restaurant and a tennis court.
it is a 10-minute walk from würzburg central station and city centre.
bologna's historic centre is 25 km away, and wi-fi is free.
van airport is 175 km away.
it offers self-catering accommodation with a furnished terrace, air conditioning and free wi-fi.
in the neighbourhood there are several sport shops where equipment for summer and winter sports can be bought or rented.
cold cuts, cheese and homemade cakes are provided daily for breakfast as well as yoghurt and fruit.
stone bridge is 300 metres away.
you will find a snack bar on site, and there is a selection of restaurants along the beachfront.
in addition, the resort can arrange guided hiking tours.
grand central studios features self-catered accommodation with free wifi in the centre of sibiu, just 250 metres from the large square.
the rába quelle thermal bath in győr is 14 km away.
charlie lake provincial park is 13 km and beatton provincial park is 15 km away.
public parking is available nearby, at an extra charge.
located just a 10-minute drive from pasteur toll road in bandung, setrasari hotel offers a cosy accommodation with free wifi access in all areas of the property.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the property offers free parking.
set in a restored 16th-century castle typical for the region, this hotel blends historical charm with comfort.
barbecue facilities are offered at the guest house, and the canteen is located in the resort.
a drinks vending machine is available in the lobby.
the hotel features 24-hour room service, a tour desk and laundry services.
hatun wasi hostel is 5-minutes drive from both san fransisco church and rosa pampa stadium.
the property offers free parking.
a sweet breakfast is served daily in the common room.
set amidst a 10,000-m2 area of olive and palm trees, monemvasia village offers self-catering accommodation overlooking myrtoon sea or the lush garden.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
housed in a building from 1749, hotel pigalle offers bright, colourful rooms with a large flat-screen tv, seating area and carpeted floors.
a washing machine and an iron are included.
simply furnished, the rooms comes with air conditioning, a flat-screen cable tv and a refrigerator.
offering free wi-fi access, timbis homestay bali offers accommodations in nusa dua.
all rooms offer free wi-fi.
rocky river golf course and the verizon wireless amphitheater are both 15 minutes away.
the restaurant at hotel miramar specialises in seafood and fresh fish dishes.
free private parking is possible on site.
the resort’s restaurant serves a selection of authentic thai dishes and a daily continental breakfast.
kolpino train station is 2.4 km away and pulkovo airport is 27.3 km from bereg hotel.
extras include an outdoor seating area.
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to you apartment every morning.
the open-air lumba lumba all day dining restaurant offers international buffet spreads, as well as specially packed picnic baskets.
free parking is available on site.
alexanderplatz with its shopping opportunities is easily reached by public transport, as is the brandenburg gate and the unesco museum island.
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
you can engage in various activities, such as golfing and hiking.
each unit features a private bathroom with a shower.
the mediterranean-style hotel alexanders features a library, a lounge-bar and a terrace.
istanbul ataturk airport is 18.4 km from the property.
the property also offers free parking.
igneada is 25 km from villa kalina, while sozopol is 41 km away.
all with wood-beamed ceilings and tuscan-style wooden furnishings, rooms are complete with a minibar and private bathroom with toiletries.
a varied breakfast buffet is provided each morning.
locanda di porta pia is located in rome, just a 10-minute walk from castro pretorio metro station.
a shared lounge with a bar, a fireplace and a tv is available to guests and so is a sauna and a terrace.
at alojamiento temporal guests will find a communal sauna, a shared lounge and a games room.
the closest bus station is 450 metres away, while the ferry station is 600 metres away.
guests have a choice of 2 restaurants at the teutschhaus hotel, one of which is also open to the public.
set in saint petersburg, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from balcony.
dallas aquarium is 12 miles from the motel. texas a&m university research center is within 10 minutes’ drive.
the guest house also offers car hire.
a bus stop with links to the town centre and beach is 150 metres away.
a full breakfast with homemade jams, pastries, fruits, juices and cereals can be enjoyed daily in the patio.
it offers an outdoor pool, shared with the other houses in the complex, and free wifi.
located in the very centre of town, the apartments are surrounded by cafes, restaurants and entertainment options.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
the property offers free parking.
for dinners, a seafood barbecue party can also be arranged after a long day of traveling and diving.
located off interstate 10, this beaumont, texas hotel offers a daily continental breakfast and rooms with free wifi and a cable tv.
it offers bright and modern apartments with free wi-fi and a fully equipped kitchen.
this mission, texas hotel is located just 4 miles from mcallen convention center.
naples airport can be reached by car in 15 minutes.
for preparing your own food, you can stock up on necessities from the grocery store 50 metres away.
the famous majorelle gardens are a 7-minute drive away.
cable tv is available in each room at hotel joutsenkulma, as well as a bathroom with shower.
it takes a 10-minute drive from the property to the famed tegalalang rice terrace and about a 7-minute drive to ubud's sacred monkey forest.
select rooms include a refrigerator.
there is a cash machine and shops at the property.
free wi-fi access is available.
the memorial temple built in the memory of gandhiji, kirti mandir is 2 km away while the sudama temple is 1 km away.
cannes train station is located 2.5 km from the apartment and la croisette is only 150 metres away.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
free limited parking is available.
all bathrooms have either a shower or a bathtub.
bed linen and towels are provided.
the capitolina’s terrace offers wonderful views over the alcázar and the roman bridge.
dam square is 400 metres away.
a guest launderette is provided at the pet-friendly suites albuquerque midtown la quinta inn & suites.
a children’s playground is offered to the younger guests, while a tennis court and a fitness centre are featured for those who wish to keep fit.
offering an on-site restaurant, varalan urheiluopisto is located by lake pyhäjärvi in tampere.
all air-conditioned guest rooms feature a minibar and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
set 2 km from ea beach, casa rural andutza is located in ea.
the nearest airport is bratislava airport, 7 km from the property.
rooms feature a balcony and shared bathroom with hairdryer.
located 1.8 km from navigli, il quadrilatero apartment offers accommodation in milan. the unit is 2.6 km from sforzesco castle.
the 24-hour front desk can secure shuttles to chaiten airfield 64 km away and esquel airport 200 km away.
freedom square is 2.1 km from apartment plekhanovi, while georgian national academy of sciences is 1.3 km from the property.
towels are offered.
the b&b is 19 km from noyon and 15 km from the forêt domaniale de compiègne.
villa riccona is situated in jawczyce, just 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of warsaw.
free private parking is available on site.
with several cats residing here, smile 58 b&b is an idyllic seclusion located in puli.
you can dine at the restaurant set in the residential complex where the apartments are. there you can taste traditional sicilian recipes, local wines and classic italian dishes.
located 3.8 km from the national museum, ashan's cozy apartments offers comfortable stay.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven in this air-conditioned unit.
sea world is located 27.2 km away from the property.
room service is available.
free wi-fi access is available.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv.
featuring a pool and a snack bar amidst its lush garden, katerini hotel apartments is located in platanias of rethymno, just 150 metres from the blue-flag beach.
hiking, cycling and skiing are popular activities in the allgäu.
caserta is a 35-minute drive from max hotel, while castel volturno is 33 km away.
a bus with connections to the airport also stops within 100 metres.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available in the morning and consists of homemade jams, pizza and cakes.
there is a fairy tale themed park next to przystanek bavaria and guests have free access to it.
the nearest airport is lombok international airport, 51 km from the property.
you can visit the hotel bar and lounge or relax on 1 of the terraces with a drink.
the property is 100 metres from majorelle gardens and 1 km from marrakech plaza.
the spa area at hotel aquamarin includes saunas and a fitness centre.
if you own an off-road vehicle you can take part in guided tours to explore the surroundings.
cabañas puente viejo’s guests can make the most of the onsite fitness centre.
guests can relax in the sauna or hot tub at the hotel.
some rooms overlook the landscaped garden.
free private parking is possible on site.
all rooms are decorated in a classic style, and fitted with tiled floors and wooden furnishings.
there is also a heliport.
within 10 km from the city centre of addis ababa, crown hotel features a restaurant, bar and 24-hour front desk.
khreshchatyk and volodymyr's cathedral are a 5-minute walk from amazing 3-room with spa, arena city. mandarin plaza, gulliver and arena city shopping centres are also a 5-minute walk.
it is equipped with air conditioning and free wi-fi in all areas.
free private parking is available on site.
hiking, cycling, tree climbing, paragliding, bungee jumping, sailing and water activities are possible next to lake devesset, which is a 30-minute drive away.
set in yaremcha, 18 km from bukovel, chalet karpaty features a barbecue and sauna.
the heated val de serantes feature bright decor and wooden floors.
de reiz villa dago pakar is a 15-minute drive from bandung city centre as well as well-know factory outlet area and a 30-minute drive to husein sastranegara international airport.
the suites kris aeropuerto have a spacious lounge area equipped with a flat-screen tv.
free wifi is provided .
apartments come with a seating area with a sofa and tv. each has a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a washing machine is available, as well.
featuring a well-maintained garden, emerald residency offers luggage storage and car rental facilities. a tour desk and business centre are also present.
guests can find the jesolo golf club and the sea life water park a 10-minute drive away, while the punta sabbioni port is 14 km away and offers boat connections to venice.
the nearest airport is novokuznetsk airport, 63 km from country house haski.
some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
all rooms include air conditioning and hot water.
it is fully equipped with a washing machine, refrigerator, and dishwasher.
other facilities include a spacious living room with a library and a shared terrace located within the trees.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
situated at the western end of the great ocean road, whalers rest motor inn portland offers spacious rooms and suites with heating, air conditioning and 32-inch flat-screen tv.
this hotel is 11 miles from downtown charlotte and within a 15-minute drive of the lowes motor speedway.
phonethip guesthouse pakbeng is 10 minutes’ walk from the mekong river. the popular tribe village is a 20-minute drive away.
free private parking is available.
at old town guesthouse b&b you will find a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a games room and luggage storage. the property offers free parking and a tesla supercharging station and a clipper creek electric car charging station for overnight guests.
the barbecue facilities in the garden can be used by guests.
located in the heart of yangon, akt hotel (a kyi taw) offers accommodation with free wifi access all units.
business travelers will appreciate conveniences like the business center and access to fax services.
rooms are furnished with a telephone and tv providing satellite channels.
sunset beach villas is within 5 minutes’ walk from a range of shopping and dining options.
each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
warmly decorated, each suite at el centro towneplace suites features a flat-screen tv with cable.
each unit features a separate bedroom and a bedroom with kitchenette and dining area.
packed lunches can be requested.
bengaluru international airport is 40 km away and the historical vidhana soudha building is just 2 km away.
a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher, and a washing machine is also provided.
free parking is possible on site.
other facilities at apartment vinogradska 1a include a barbecue.
it boasts an outdoor swimming pool, a sun terrace and a bar.
offering a restaurant, fosters west bay resort is located in roatán, right on a beautiful caribbean beach.
apartment volguntes street is housed in a quiet and green residential district of riga, within 5 km from the city centre.
just 5 minutes’ drive from the m6 motorway, innkeeper's lodge sandbach is a 10-minute car journey from wheelock hall farm.
breakfast is daily served at the dining area of royal marmin bay boutique & art hotel.
breakfast is served every morning.
featuring a beachfront location, apartments bombona offer air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access in utjeha.
free wi-fi access is also provided.
the fully equipped kitchen includes a coffee machine, toaster and a dishwasher.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including windsurfing and fishing.
the 24-hour reception of rapunzel can help guests arrange tours to istanbul’s main attractions.
free wifi is available throughout.
immersed in the pollino national park, this small, family-run b&b lies in the historic centre of terranova di pollino.
klára villa apartman offers shuttle services.
within 5 km shops can be found and within 9 km restaurants can be found.
chic & country is a 15-minute walk from lecce train station, while lecce cathedral is 2 km away.
it offers free wi-fi and private parking.
a hairdryer is included in an en suite bathroom.
the en suite shower room offers free toiletries.
set in green surroundings at a peaceful location in kautenbach, the small-scale hotel huberty offers guest rooms with free wifi access, an on-site restaurant with a bar and a terrace, and free public parking facilities.
each also has its own private bathroom with free toiletries.
access to the beach, an outdoor pool, and free wifi are provided.
domek przy olczyskiej is located in a 100-year-old building in a quiet and forested area by the tatra national park in zakopane.
other facilities at haus maria include a barbecue.
the nearest airport is ben gurion airport, 13 km from the property.
the surrounding area is also ideal for hiking and canoeing.
the hotel offers 34 cosy rooms, a bar and sauna and a big lawn.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
biffi b&b offers a classic-style room with parquet floors a 5-minute walk from the historic centre of ravenna.
this apartment comprises a kitchen with dining area and a living room with flat-screen cable tv.
towels are featured.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom.
a full scottish breakfast is served in the guest house’s ornate victorian-style dining room. the house also provides a buffet table with items such as yoghurt and fresh fruit.
all apartments feature a living room with satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar and nightclub.
munich airport is 43 km away.
it offers modern rooms, a small gym and an underground car park.
offering a private beach area by the gulf of finland, this spacious and modern villa includes a fully-equipped kitchen, private sauna and private terrace.
at la casa de gaspar you will find a 24-hour front desk, barbecue facilities and a terrace. other facilities offered include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
you can enjoy pool and garden views.
loch view chalet is located in in inverliever forest and is just a 5-minute walk from the village of dalavich.
the property offers a partly covered terrace and can accommodate up to 10 persons.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
the bar serves an assortment of beverages.
other dining alternatives can be found within 10 metres from the property.
offering an indoor pool and hot tub, this enterprise, oregon hotel is 11 miles from wallowa lake state park.
snacks are available in the evening and there are a number of restaurants in the centre of rostock, a 20-minute drive away.
air conditioning is provided throughout.
just off the whyte avenue entertainment strip, this edmonton hostel is within 3 km of the university of alberta.
a chargeable airport shuttle can be arranged upon request.
there are some restaurants located within walking distance of the property.
some rooms feature four-poster bed.
all guest rooms have upscale furnishings, refrigerators, microwaves, coffee makers, hair dryers, irons and ironing boards.
on-site parking is free.
set at an altitude of 350 metres, sarand relais has its own salt-water swimming pool, surrounded by sun loungers and umbrellas. it is 8 km outside fondi, and 12 km from the seaside in sperlonga.
the location is ideal for hiking and walking routes, cycling and horse riding.
an italian-style sweet breakfast buffet is provided daily.
the rooms feature air conditioning and minibars.
free private parking is possible on site.
the kitchen includes a hob, dishwasher and washing machine.
guests can have a glass of sparkling wine in the skumppa bar, or choose from a variety of dishes in alex bistro & brasserie.
offering an indoor pool and a restaurant, this hotel is located in the pretty resort town of sundern-altenhellefeld. wifi access is free of charge at gut funkenhof.
easily accessible from shopping and entertainment districts, kameo rayong is a 10-minute drive from sang chan beach.
offering luggage storage, car rental, currency exchange and laundry/dry-cleaning facilities, hotel capitol also features valet parking, babysitting services and boasts a tour desk.
some also have a balcony.
towels and bed linen are provided.
this 2-room apartment has an area of 24 m2 and is on the 1st floor, on an east facing position.
featuring a hairdryer, the private bathroom also comes with towels and free toiletries.
free local telephone calls can be made from the rooms.
yekaterinburg train station is 5 km from the hostel. koltsovo airport is 17 km away.
specializing in fly fishing, this attractive beachfront lodge is located in punta allen, at the end of the sian ka’an biosphere reserve’s boca paila peninsula.
only 100 metres from its private beach area, gunes house offers an outdoor pool with sun loungers.
хостел дипломат is set in astana, 600 metres from bayterek monument and 5 km from expo 2017 astana.
situated just 1 kilometre from the centre of bautzen, this hotel enjoys a peaceful location within a business park, and is adjacent to the companies of bombardier transportation and vodafone.
a tv is featured.
situated in divnomorskoye, a 15-minute walk of the black sea shore, pansionat flamingo features outdoor and indoor swimming pools and a spa and wellness centre with sauna, hot tub and fitness centre. various treatment procedures are available on site.
a kitchenette, separate seating area, and flat-screen cable tv are provided in the apartment as well as a ocean view.
the royal marine overlooks dublin bay and has direct access to dun laoghaire promenade and pier.
this 3-bedroom villa will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
tuapse is 6 km from panorama, while yuzhniy is 11 km from the property.
there is a bathroom with shower and a washing machine is also available within the studio.
divan cukurhan ankara offers a convenient 24-hour front desk service and a library.
just a 10 minutes’ walk from the yal-ku lagoon, luna azul condos in akumal is a property that features beachfront access, and fully equipped studios and apartments with wi-fi access for free.
there is also a bar, shared lounge and a games room at the hotel.
it is a popular destination for hiking and sports fishing.
situated in the nozawa hot-spring area, mominoki features japanese-style accommodations with free wi-fi.
free wifi is provided on the terrace where the bar is set.
the hotel has a 24-hour reception which provides computers with free internet access for all guests.
other facilities offered include laundry facilities and a daily maid service.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, the smithsonian institution is 7 minutes’ drive from p street studios.
in the hotels snack bar you can sip a refreshing beverage, have a quick bite or sample some tasty meals.
apartments have one bedroom, a full bathroom with a bidet and a living room with a sofa bed.
alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages can be purchased at the hotel's reception.
the ski region offers over 80 km of ski runs and 65 km of winter hiking trails.
located in sirmione, the olimpia is an intimate hotel with a relaxing garden.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the hotel is 300 metres from prudential center, 700 metres from new jersey performing arts center and 700 metres from newark station.
hotel stayen is located in sint-truiden, in the region of haspengouw, and offers spacious modern rooms and free access to the fitness and wellness facilities located near the hotel.
with a large garden and an outdoor pool, cabañas los arreboles offers self-catering accommodation in potrerillos.
other property facilities include a 24-hour front desk, a children’s playground, a terrace, a shared lounge, laundry services, and a shuttle service.
the guest rooms are modern in style and offer satellite tv and a minibar.
blending classic elements with a modern design, this well-appointed apartment features air conditioning, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a dining area and laundry facilities.
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport, 33 km from apartment on zelenodolskaya 16.
towels and bed linen are provided.
free toiletries and hairdryers are also included.
the rooms are warmly decorated in earthy tones and have a private bathroom stocked with a bathrobe and slippers.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
on-site parking is free, and the bad aibling exit of the a8 motorway is just 7 km away.
featuring a bath tub, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
guests can use free wi-fi at the lobby and relax at the terrace featuring hinoki wooden furniture.
it is 7 km from the historic sultanahmet district and 8 km from taksim square.
centre of świnoujście lies 500 metres away.
centre point shopping plaza and diani shopping centre is within a 10-minute walk.
the property is 46 km from shrewsbury and free private parking is available.
las condes apart hotel is located 450 metres from las condes civic centre and 700 metres from costanera centre.
sunway pyramid hotel has direct access to sunway resort hotel & spa, which the hotel is part of.
breakfast can be booked on site and is served at the restaurant perbacco!, located at the hotel’s ground floor.
each room at hotel georges has an en suite bathroom with a bath or shower and organic toiletries.
dating from 1896, the building retains many original victorian features, with its central staircase and sash windows still in place alongside the house's numerous updated and modern facilities.
they are fitted with fine-quality furnishings, a comfortable seating area and facilities like a flat-screen satellite tv and a private balcony where views of the mountain, forest and sunset can be enjoyed.
the nearest metro station is located only steps away.
it offers spacious rooms equipped with air conditioning, free wi-fi throughout and a furnished terrace.
free wifi access is available in all areas of the property.
breakfast is also available.
warsaw central railway station is 5 minutes' walk, while warsaw chopin airport is located 7,6 km away.
just 500 metres from the centre of the town of mondsee, the traditional gasthof grüner baum is 1 km from lake mondsee.
500mb of free wifi is provided daily.
hotel route-inn hisai inter offers a hot public bath and a relaxation area with a massage chair and foot massage machines.
the unesco world heritage site of angkor wat temple is 6 km away, while siem reap international airport is within an 8 km drive.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and free toiletries.
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries.
two bedroom apartments of yesenina 30 offers accommodation in minsk, 8 km from pishchalausky castle.
enara holiday home is a holiday home with a garden, set in weligama in the galle district region. the property is 3.2 km from kushtarajagala and free private parking is featured.
pousada viva is 72 km from marechal rondon international airport in varzea grande.
the colourful apartment features a living area with sofa bed and kitchenette, a bedroom and a bathroom with bath and free toiletries.
the peaceful kandy lake is 5 km away while bandaranaike international airport is 82 km away.
located in the heart of the viking trail on the great northern peninsula, this hawke's bay inn features an on-site restaurant and lounge.
the air-conditioned rooms at hotel pavo come with a refrigerator and a desk.
antibes is 53 km from ecolodge l'etoile d'argens, while saint-raphaël is 7 km from the property and saint-tropez is 32 km away. the nearest airport is côte d'azur airport, 62 km from the property.
salzburg is a 15-minute drive from the guest house.
you will find a gift shop at the property.
guests can enjoy an afternoon on the play station console at slounge.
you can also choose to share meals with other guests and sample traditional french cuisine prepared with organic farm products.
for assistance with travel arrangements, the hotel has a tour desk.
the panoramic suites are located in the attic, and feature a teuco hydromassage shower.
boutique home roma is a holiday home situated in the historical centre of rome and is 400 metres from castel sant'angelo.
parking is also offered free of charge.
it features a spacious public bath where guests can unwind after spending a day hiking around the hotel.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
it is just 15 minutes’ walk from fréjus town centre and a 20-minte walk from the beach.
some rooms offer flat-screen tvs.
guests are offered a hairdryer and slippers.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
surrounded by palm trees, it features a swimming pool with a terrace, sun loungers and bbq.
apartments at domitys le jardin d'eole is a self-catering apartment equipped with a flat-screen tv, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom.
the accommodation is fitted with a flat-screen tv. there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
krk old town, featuring the krk cathedral and the historic frankopan fortress, can be visited within 20 km.
ensenada de utria national park is a 35-minute boat ride away.
the m5 motorway is about 10 km away.
casa giorgia is located in the centre of trapani, 500 metres from the beach.
spend your days fishing or exploring the nearby aeolian islands. you can rent rubber boats and canoes and tour the purple coast (costa viola).
hotel victoria river view is a 15-minute drive from duta shopping mall.
the attached bathroom offers hot and cold shower and free toiletries.
barbecue facilities and a small playground with a slide, swing and a sandpit for kids can be found in the garden.
diocletian's palace is 1.9 km away.
samui airport is located 12 km away.
there is a bondfire pit - wood is provided.
silver hills motel queenstown is 5 minutes’ walk from galley museum, 5 minutes’ drive from queenstown airport and 40 minutes’ drive from central strahan.
the nearest beach is just 20 metres away, while federico fellini airport is 5 minutes away by car.
it provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
they come with a bath or shower.
this holiday apartment is located right at the old moselbrücke (moselle bridge), cochem, and offers great views of reichsburg castle, cochem town and the moselle river.
guests may also use the designated barbecue area or visit the on-site bar, pizzeria or restaurant which serves polish and international dishes.
a dining area and a well equipped kitchen with a water dispenser are available in the house, while a sofa set and a flat-screen cable tv are included in the living area.
laundry is on request and at a surcharge.
wi-fi access at the hotel is free.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
this family-run hotel is located in cala figuera, close to mondragó nature reserve and 5 minutes' drive from cala santanyi beach.
hacienda alemana is just 850 metres from puerto vallarta’s malecón seafront promenade.
free wi-fi access is available.
please note that there is no reception, the property will contact guests directly via email at least 24 hours prior to arrival with check-in instructions and access codes.
located in a rural, this modern b&b features an outdoor swimming pool and well-equipped kitchen.
the apartment includes a kitchenette with a stove and a wooden dining area, so guests are welcome to cook their own meals.
the closest restaurant is only 30 metres away.
golf disneyland paris is 6 km away.
the air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa, flat-screen tv and washing machine.
guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at les quatre vents.
bright and air conditioned, the apartments at le vigne come with wooden furnishings.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
water sports are possible in the aguieira dam area, about 25 km from the unit.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath.
there is a sauna on the premises that can be used at an extra charge.
free parking is possible on site.
spice garden, allan park. (indian).
each apartment has a kitchenette and an lcd tv.
o.w. relax is located in krynica morska, 450 metres from the beach on the baltic sea.
offering free parking, this family-run hotel is 5 km from the coast.
other facilities at apartment gabashvili include a fitness centre and indoor pool.
wireless internet is available in the entire hotel free of charge.
located in brielle, zuidspuis apartment a self-catering accommodation with free wifi access. the property is 32 km from rotterdam.
currency exchange services are also available.
bathrobes and slippers are provided in the bathrooms.
alcazar cabaret and art in paradise are 4.6 km and 5.2 km away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
imbituba bus station is 4 km from the property, and florianópolis’s hercílio luz international airport is 80 km away.
beewon residence insadong is 603 metres from anguk station (line 3) and just 750 metres from shopping and craft shops at insadong.
there is a ticket booking service on site, as well as a 24-hour lobby bar with food and drinks delivered to the room.
the air itam market is 400 metres away from the property, and the nearest airport is penang international airport, 12 km away from the property.
the centre of puerto del carmen is less than 2 km away.
the hotel offers free wi-fi, a bar, and simply decorated, air-conditioned rooms.
set amidst a lovely garden with colourful flowers and stone paths, gardenia studios offers fully equipped accommodation and free wi-fi access. it is located in the area of mouresi, 3.5 km away from papa nero beach.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave and stove. the bathroom comes with a shower or bath.
the marble bathroom has a hairdryer and shower facilities.
certain rooms include views of the mountain or river.
all rooms at hostal alboran feature tiled floors and classic furniture.
the three-bedroom accommodation is provided with cable-tv, a terrace and free wifi. the kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
centrally located in the historic town of oberammergau, these country-style apartments are just 20 metres from the famous passion play theatre.
the studio apartment at the gyönyörű zöld comes with a terrace overlooking the garden, a well-equipped kitchen and satellite tv.
garage car parking is possible on site at a surcharge.
set around an outdoor pool, all rooms here have a balcony. facilities include an outdoor hot tub.
the pre-historic chamber tombs, domus de janas are 18 km away.
in summer, several scenic cycling and hiking trails start on the premises.
a sweet italian breakfast is included each morning.
in the surrounding area guests will find the fado museum 30 metres away and the national phanteon an 8-minute walk away. lisbon sé cathedral is 600 metres away and são jorge castle is a 13-minute walk.
set in the prague centre, a 10-minute walk from wenceslas square, as well as national museum, and a 15-minute walk from old town square, rooms at pension city center & l`opera provide a private bathroom and a tv. free wifi is available.
just a 5-minute drive from melbourne cbd, clarendon place is a 2-bedroom holiday home located in armadale.
a cable car leading to the hill of srđ with panoramic views of dubrovnik's surroundings is 500 metres away.
the unit is 46 km from el arenal.
the lobby has a free-use internet pc, and a coin launderette is on site.
the property offers free parking.
cozy 2 hotel offers affordable accommodation in an authentic vietnamese neighbourhood.
centrally located in san antonio and just metres from the sea, these bright studios have views of the mediterranean or the hotel swimming pool and sun terrace.
a typical italian breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room, including freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino and sweet pastries.
at sea view rooms in hikkaduwa - budgetary guesthouse you will find a snack bar.
the property offers free wifi in all areas and a large lagoon-shaped aquamarine pool.
at pension mona lisa you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
paracas natural reserve is 12 km away and there is free private parking.
rostov-on-don train station is 10 km away, and rostov-on-don international airport is 2.5 km from letuchaya mysh guest house.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
the centre of byala is 500 metres away and a bus stop is 700 metres away.
the kremlin is located less than 2 km from the baikal hotel.
offering views of the white sandy beach, allspice restaurant serves a variety of japanese, thai and western dishes.
the stubentor metro stop (line u3) is 100 metres away, and the city park is 220 metres away.
lakeside retreat gwelup is a 1-minute walk from a local shopping centre and a 2-minute walk from lake gwelup.
with air conditioning, the rustic-style house comes with a sofa and an equipped kitchenette. the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the family-managed ciasa weber is 300 metres from the stop of the free ski bus connecting to the alpe lusia slopes.
villa arcadio is in salò, on the hills above lake garda.
all of the rooms have tea and coffee making facilities and cable tv.
the nearest beach is 3.5 km from the property, while the centre of puerto pollensa, with restaurants and shops, is 5 km away.
it is served in the patio, under the trees, or around the fire-place during winter.
panoramic views can be enjoyed from the bar terrace and restaurant.
ba liang fang chinese restaurant serves a selection of chinese dishes.
quinta da regaleira is 6 km from the sarrazola, while sintra national palace is 6 km away.
the hotel also offers a restaurant and lounges.
each of the guestrooms is decorated in a neutral style.
situated 20 minutes’ drive from the beaches of progeso, this modern hotel offers free transportation to any destination within a 10 km radius.
featuring free wifi, pērlīte offers accommodation in liepāja.
ankara has a bar and a canteen serving georgian cuisine.
dartmoor national park is 16 miles from the building, and there is free wi-fi and free parking on site.
on-site parking is free of charge for guests.
the shared bathroom includes a shower.
hotel xalet la coromina is located in the centre of the town of viladrau, in the montseny nature reserve.
all rooms at the alter ziehbrunnen have a private bathroom, a tv and light wooden furnishings.
the rooms have a balcony and offer views of the golf course.
free mineral water is provided.
this self-catering studio offers free wi-fi.
guests can prepare meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, which includes a coffee machine.
the nearest airport is william p. hobby airport, 14 km from wyndham houston medical center hotel and suites.
you can enjoy city views from each bedroom.
richmond by hoom is set in a restored building on a quiet pedestrian street, just 200 metres from valencia cathedral.
extras include a safety deposit box and bed linen.
offering a large beer garden, a bowling alley, and an authentic german restaurant, pilliger hof is located in pillig.
located in bečići, 300 metres from the sandy beach and about 3 km from the centre of budva, hotel nadezda offers a buffet restaurant.
the guest house is 5.4 km from kaloko-honokohau national historic park. mauna kea summit is 8.5 km away.
there is a large living room with a terrace, satellite tv and a sofa. the kitchen includes a microwave, fridge, oven and coffee maker.
kendwa is 28 km from bahari villa kiwengwa, while stone town is 29 km away.
each comes with satellite tv, air conditioning and a private bathroom.
renovated in 2005, all rooms at koruna hotel have a tv set and a private bathroom with shower cabin.
a private bathroom includes a shower and toilet.
't waepen van veere is the perfect base for walking and cycling tours.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv. some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
guests can visit the outdoor swimming pool and the aqua dome thermal bath, 1.5 km away, or horseback riding stables, also 1.5 km away from the schmidhof.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the winter palace and arena armeec hall are 1 km away.
to explore the area, guests can rent a car.
select rooms include a stove top.
stylish with accents of red, the air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv, dvd player and ipod connections. a well-stocked minibar and a personal safe are also included.
the bathroom facilities are shared, while extras include bed linen and towels.
it offers cosy rooms with computers and free wired internet access.
cane bay cottage 4 features free wifi throughout the property.
the guesthouse is just 500 metres from sihanoukville city centre, while sihanoukville international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
hot and cold shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms.
guests can find a supermarket within 5 km.
offering direct access to beautiful ao kratueng beach, makathanee resort is located on the island of koh mak.
a work desk is also provided.
some rooms feature views of the sea or city.
a transfer service to and from eppley airfield, omaha city centre and old market is available.
palace of republic is 200 metres from apartments on internatsionalnaya 15.
renowned falésia beach is 2 km from the property and is one of the algarve’s most popular destinations.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
ptolemaida town is 24 km away.
mokrice golf club is 9.3 km from the property. ljubljana joze pucnik airport is 35.7 km away.
each one features an lcd tv, minibar and a balcony.
the park includes a wide range of restaurants, shops and 2 swimming pools.
the alcazaba de busquístar is located in the heart of the sierra nevada nature reserve.
it features an outdoor pool, daily continental breakfast and free wi-fi.
each room comes with a refrigerator, satellite tv and a private bathroom fitted with a hairdryer, a shower or a bathtub.
a flat-screen tv is available.
a garden and a sunny, furnished terrace with barbecue facilities are at guests’ disposal.
free wi-fi is available in all areas
currency exchange and babysitting services are also available.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
the ave high-speed train station, joaquin sorolla, is a 20-minute walk away.
it is a 1-hour drive from lake constance and neuschwanstein castle in füssen.
it offers free private parking and a buffet breakfast.
designed for adults only, hotel sulata shibuya dougenzaka is a love hotel located in shibuya.
guests enjoy free parking.
free private parking is available on site.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
lannigans youghal restaurant serves international cuisine, overlooking the stunning atlantic ocean.
local attractions include the cuale archaeological museum, plaza de armas and the parish church of our lady of guadalupe.
the hotel is a 10-minute walk from local kashi-no-ichi fish market.
luis eduardo magalhães airport is located 24 km away.
a flat-screen tv is provided in the living room.
set in vigliatore, camping village salicà offers its own private beach and swimming pool.
take a swim in the hotel pool, and then relax in the saunas or steam bath.
the vlasska’s apartments are located in 4 buildings, sharing the garden and the courtyard.
laundry facilities are also provided.
free wi-fi is available.
come and experience the rich history of this ancient, hilltop castle and tower, located in the beautiful castillian countryside to the west of madrid.
it is set among landscaped gardens and features an outdoor pool and free wi-fi.
adler-sochi international airport is 25 km from the property.
in the evening, cocktails and live music is offered at the sky bar.
there is a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
at mount crest inn deniyaya you will find a garden.
emirates stadium, home to arsenal football club is 1.8 miles away.
funny beach amusement park is 15 minutes’ walk from the property.
beaches are 2 km away from the capofaro resort.
situated on ærø island, skråningen 8 holiday house is a 10-minute drive from central ærøskøbing.
boasting a beachfront location in giardini naxos, hannabael offers a restaurant and air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
guests can enjoy the wellness facilities including a finnish sauna and an infrared cabin.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ecomare (3.5 km).
puerto viejo bus station offers direct links to limon and san josé.
set in a traditional timber-framed building, hotel zur staffel offers a beer garden, restaurant, and free wifi access.
each private bathroom includes a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries.
rooms at hotel de paris sanremo are spacious, and elegantly furnished with wood floors and white sheets.
free wi-fi is available in hotel's lobby.
the restaurant at hotel ventana del cielo serves mexican cuisine and operates from friday until sunday.
shops, bars and restaurants are located within a 3-minute walk of the hotel.
the mountview hotel has a bistro-style restaurant, serving modern scottish cuisine, where guests will enjoy panoramic mountain views.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv, working area, fridge and safety deposit box.
in the morning, the b&b guests can enjoy a continental breakfast with homemade jams and pastries.
the archette hospital is 2 km away.
moroccan breakfast is served each morning at riad awatif 36.
the property also provides laundry and dry cleaning services.
bright bedrooms at center apartments nyc offer cosy bedding and hardwood floors.
piraeus is 28 km from villa sunset lagonisi.
at niidi tourism farm you will find an orignal sauna from 1860, a garden and barbecue facilities.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
each morning guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast.
the apartment is a 30-minute drive from el rodadero beach and 3 km from simon bolivar airport.
apartment ive offers apartments with free wi-fi in dubrovnik. it is 9 km from stradun and the walls of dubrovnik.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 18 km from oyo premium muncipal garden margao.
the hotel is 4 km from winterberg golf club and 2 km from hallen- und freibad winterberg swimming centre.
free private parking is possible on site.
all units feature a flat-screen tv and air-conditioning. complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
at ozero snovideny guest house you will find a private beach area and a fitness centre. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a games room and a ticket service.
guest can enjoy a breakfast in the morning included in the rate.
the property offers free parking.
the air-conditioned villa features a terrace. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
hotel astra offers laundry and ironing services as well as the airport shuttle at a surcharge.
steam rooms and a fitness centre are also onsite.
you will find kitchenware in the room.
anapa airport is 7 km away.
you can enjoy a sea view from the room.
air conditioning, a washing machine and dishwasher are available.
located steps away from fisherman village and the beach in bophut, siam shades house offers free wifi access in the rooms.
cologne’s old town and famous cathedral are about a 15-minute walk away, across the river rhine.
just a 5-minute walk from hisai train station, station hotel au offers free spacious accommodations with free wired internet, public baths and saunas.
all rooms are air-conditioned and offer a tv with satellite and cable channels.
restaurants and the village's cheese dairy are 200 metres away.
entertainment options at hilton alexandria include a cinema, bowling and horse riding at the hotel’s ranch.
offering a restaurant, sherwood cottage is located just 1.4 km from the scenic nuwara eliya golf club and royal colombo golf club.
the property offers free parking.
santa eulalia del río is 4.5 km away.
each soundproofed room is complete with a balcony and a private bathroom.
some units feature views of the mountains or pool.
the bar is open every day and provides you with free newspapers.
wi-fi is free in public areas, and there is a laundry area which guests can use at extra charge.
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
the local bus stop is about 200 metres away from the ana rooms.
car and bike rentals can be arranged, as well as laundry services. it features a garden.
rooms at sukru bey konagi are decorated with old wooden furniture, minibar and an electric kettle. there is a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer.
tegernsee is ideal for water sports, hiking and cycling.
it has a shop and a small café, where guests can have a coffee and watch tv.
la tontouta international airport and noumea are both within 2 hours’ drive from the property.
overlooking the pacific ocean, this resort in kailua-kona, hawaii features an oceanfront outdoor pool and spacious suites with a fully equipped kitchen.
the rooms come with a private bathroom.
opening out to a private balcony, rooms are fitted with dark wood furnishings and tea/coffee maker.
outdoor activities include bicycling and horse riding.
towels and bed linen are provided.
the apartments are located in the bavarian forest, at the foot of the great
a games room and free private parking are offered on site.
hotel oberschmied also offers a free fitness room, a sauna and a children's play room.
decorated with original mexican artwork, hotel santiago has high ceilings and tiled floors.
a variety of drinks can be ordered from the groove bar.
hiking in the scenic upland region is a popular leisure activity in the area.
alluar lodge features free wifi throughout the property.
the property offers free parking.
the 2 private bathrooms include a shower, toilet and hairdryer.
a varied breakfast buffet with many regional products is served every morning.
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the surrounding area is ideal for horse riding, hiking and cycling.
located close to revolution park, the 3-star ji hotel xi'an railway station features accommodation with free wi-fi. it houses a tour desk and a business centre.
air conditioning is available upon charge.
each room here includes a cable tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the ploschad 5 yglov bus stop is just 50 metres away, and a 2-minute walk takes you to murmansk’s central square.
the hostel also offers bike hire.
national exhibition centre belexpo is 4.3 km from yantarnaya, while national academic big opera and ballet theatre is 7 km from the property.
the nearest train station, montecatini t is 2 km away and provides links to florence, viareggio and lucca.
you will find a kettle in the room.
certain rooms have views of the mountain or garden.
the rincón de la magdalena apartments occupy a traditional house in this historic city.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including snorkelling and canoeing.
rome's fiumicino international airport can be reached in 25 minutes by car.
on the first floor are 1 twin bedroom and 1 double bedroom; and there are 3 bathrooms in total.
centrally located, the hotel is a 5-minute walk away from restaurants and shops.
the merrillville holiday inn express offers newspapers from the front desk.
free private parking is possible on site.
each room includes an en suite bathroom and access to a shared lounge with a fireplace.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive from the popular orchard road and the esplanade theatre.
you can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for cycling.
the hotel’s staff can assist guests with planning visits to nahuel huapi national park.
there is also a golf course next to the apartments.
bed linen and towels are included.
b&b sisidda is situated in san vito lo capo, 26 km from trapani and 49 km from marsala.
b&b villa marysa is located 200 metres from the sandy beach in giardini naxos.
zurich airport is 81 km away.
some roman archaeological remains are 100 metres away, while banja monastery is at a distance of 1 km.
abruzzo national park is 500 metres away, while pescara can be reached in a 1.5-hour drive.
the modern-art décor rooms offer a fan, a work desk, radio and cable tv.
at residenza ondanomala you will find a garden.
every room includes a flat-screen tv. all rooms have a private bathroom.
a bus stop and grocery shop are at a distance of 50 metres.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms.
children can romp around on the on-site playground and you can also store your ski equipment and your bicycles in a room at the guest house.
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as horse riding and snorkelling.
you can play table tennis and darts at the house.
other facilities at mermaid luxury villas - aquata include a barbecue.
the building also includes a ski storage room.
the bathrooms provide a hairdryer, bidet, bathrobes and slippers.
private parking is available in the hotel garage for an extra fee.
selwo marina is 1.6 km from benal beach.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
pension karner is located in mittenwald.
other facilities offered include a luggage storage and a laundry. the property offers free parking.
the à la carte restaurant serves regional delicacies.
the private bathroom comes with shower.
set on the edge of the town 500 metres from a beach of the lipno dam, miraka 339 offers modern furnishings, a garden with barbecue facilities and fishing, that is possible 500 metres off; free parking is available nearby.
the restaurant of hotel brasserie n4 offers a panoramic view on the surrounding landscape.
free wifi access is available.
the light rail system is within 1.5 km, offering access to downtown attractions, the museum district and the houston zoo.
front desk is open 24 hours and free wi-fi access is available in the entire hotel abbartello.
facilities include a microwave, a dishwasher, a stove and a flat-screen satellite tv.
ironing facilities are provided upon request.
to reach the property you need to climb 100 steps.
varna airport is 8 km away.
overlooking the sea or mountains, guangzhou nansha pearl river delta world trade center tower provides spacious and modern air-conditioned suites with free wired internet.
pushkin museum of fine arts is 6 km from apartment fili-city, while cathedral of christ the saviour is 6 km from the property.
the casa ober is next to a bus stop with connections to the train station.
the restaurant is located on the outdoor terrace, which overlooks the bodrum peninsula and mountains.
the fully equipped kitchenette available at the apartment comes with kitchenware, a refrigerator, a microwave and an electric kettle.
the closest restaurant as well as supermarket is 2.5 km from the accommodation.
it is a 25-minute drive to the wilder kaiser ski area.
the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
there is a spacious lounge to spend time with friends and a small library lounge where guests can read a good book and have a cup of coffee or tea.
a number of seafood taverns and local restaurants are situated within a 5-minute walk.
a supermarket, restaurants and bars can be found within 100 metres
there is a large garden area and free parking.
santa maria maggiore is 3.3 km from 4family colosseo, while sapienza university of rome is 3.3 km away.
staff at savi regency’s 24-hour reception can assist with laundry services, or the use of meeting/banquet facilities.
the spa also provides a range of beauty and body treatments.
centrally located, la pensión del camino is 700 metres from burgos cathedral, a unesco world heritage site. not very far you will find lots of churches, like san nicolás, san gil or san lesmes.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and shops (on site).
all air-conditioned rooms feature traditional chinese decoration, a seating area with sofa and a safety deposit box.
the bathrooms are either private, or shared.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
each one has a private bathroom and some have a balcony.
each cottage has a bathroom, a furnished terrace and barbecue facilities.
please note that there is no elevator.
the property offers free parking.
guests have a 20% discount in both facilities.
toulouse airport is 20 minutes away and the centre of toulouse is a 10-minute drive away.
featuring classic-style décor, the apartment comes with 4 bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
a microwave and a small fridge are included in each room at the sun bridge inn pine bluff. a cable tv is also provided.
forte dei marmi is a 35-minute drive from the property.
at kimalase metsamaja you will find a sauna – available at extra charge and a garden with barbecue facilities for free.
a grocery store is located in the same building as the apartments, while the closest restaurant is just 50 metres away.
local hunan cuisine can also be enjoyed on site.
guests can indulge in gastronomy pleasures in many restaurants serving istrian specialties such as asparagus, truffles and smoked ham.
enjoying quiet, green surroundings, design hotel (d'hotel) is a great base for exploring russia's capital.
the centre of golden sands is set a 15-minute walk away.
most rooms enjoy views of mount cervino and the grandes murailles mountain range.
hotel 81 cosy is located in the heritage-rich chinatown, a short 10-minute walk from outram mrt station.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player is featured.
me.n.u café & lodge is set in george town, 1.6 km from penang times square and 400 metres from pinang peranakan mansion.
all units have a cable flat screen tv and a kitchenette, equipped with a refrigerator.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
free private parking is possible at the studios manganas.
guests enjoy free wi-fi and all rooms a balcony.
laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services can also be provided at an additional charge.
you can explore its popular carrera promenade and the baroque-style saint euphemia's basilica.
bad aibling train station is 11 km away.
each apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
atocha train station is 300 metres away, with a high-speed ave service and links to barajas airport.
lake havasu state park is a 15-minute drive from the quality inn.
split airport is just 4 km away.
breakfast includes homemade cakes, local cheese and ham.
private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
situated in pelena, 43 km from hikkaduwa, online beach guest house features air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
guests can go hiking, cycling, fishing and hunting or to paly table tennis and billiards.
six flags great adventure and six flags hurricane harbor water parks are within 30 minutes’ drive of best western leisure inn.
the sailport apartments are located just 100 metres from mooloolaba's surf club and safe patrolled beach.
all units feature a dining area and a seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave. a fridge and stovetop are also provided, as well as a kettle.
the apartment comes with a seating are with a flat-screen tv, a fully equipped kitchen, a dining area and a private bathroom with a shower, a bidet and a toilet.
a washing machine is also provided.
table mountain is just 3 km away.
yanet sol has rooms with carpeted floors, cable tv and private bathrooms with showers.
the air-conditioned nadejda vacation house in the predela area of razlog is located 3 km from the kulinoto ski slope and 9 km from a golf course.
there is a bathroom with a bath or a shower.
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport, 11 km from the property.
tbilisi international airport is 17 km from old city.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
a toaster, a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
brasília city centre is a 10-minute drive from the hotel, and presidente juscelino kubitschek international airport can be reached within a 15-minute drive.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
featuring stone walls, oak flooring and local rugs, rooms at the lydia lithos guesthouse include an lcd tv and dvd player.
several restaurants, bars and clubs are in the immediate vicinity. lake floreasca is 550 metres away.
wellton centrum hotel & spa is 500 metres from the daugava river, and 8 km from the riga zoo.
the property also features a lift that serves all floors.
the restaurant at hotel corte di nettuno is a great place to sample dishes and wines from the puglia region.
every morning, a complimentary breakfast is served on melek hotel's lovely rooftop terrace.
a mini fridge and a wardrobe are included.
all rooms have air conditioning, satellite tv, a safe, a minibar and a private bathroom.
had apartment - truong dinh is a 15-minute walk from ben thanh market, tao dan park and the unification palace.
located in sopot, this apartment features free wifi. the property features views of the city and is 800 metres from crooked house.
enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the garden or city.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation and an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and hot tub.
in-room dining is also possible with room service.
breakfast, lunch and dinner are all served aboard the safari boat.
this historic, 4-star hotel in central munich offers rooms with free wi-fi, and a rich breakfast buffet every day.
the hotel restaurant, le dalang, is air-conditioned and serves traditional and regional french cuisine in a pleasant dining area.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
winner of the pacific asia travel association (pata) heritage award, dwarika's hotel is inspired by kathmandu valley’s rich cultural heritage.
the rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
georgian apartment hastings is a self-catering accommodation located in hastings. the property is in a grade ii listed crescent.
follonica centre and train station are a 7-minute drive from the property.
at holiday inn express hotel & suites clarington - bowmanville guests can work out in the fitness centre or relax in the hot tub.
shops and cafés are found in poggibonsi, 4 km from the moraia.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 15 km away.
then, relax in comfort in your own recently refurbished room, where you will find amenities including minibars and en suite bathrooms.
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv and a dvd player.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
take a dip in the cool waters of the pool in the afternoon heat.
guests can relax in the canyon ridge's spacious guest lounge, outdoor garden, or the patio.
at one-bedroom chalet at stella makadi resort you will find a garden and a terrace.
free beverages, including juices, coffee and tea, are offered the whole day.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
all apartments at the artemis provide a tv and air conditioning.
this hotel is situated just off the a2 motorway, a 15-minute drive from central hanover and the hanover exhibition centre.
located in a tranquil area in hanga roa's city centre, cabañas raputuki offers accommodation with free private parking on site.
set in tel aviv’s port area, yam hotel is a modern boutique hotel with free wifi, just 200 metres from the beach promenade and 5 minutes’ walk from the closest beach.
hiking trails are 400 metres away, while a spa centre can be found within 1 km and aquacity poprad 12 km away.
on the ground floor, there is a living room with fireplace, on the first floor there is a second living room with dining area and the kitchen, while the bedrooms are on the second floor.
palm bay holiday inn express hotel & suites serves breakfast and offers an on-site convenience store.
it is 4 km from hua hin town.
a train station and a tram stop are directly opposite novum hotel prinz eugen.
a bus with links to tiburtina train station and metro stops 50 metres away.
cape may county park & zoo is 9.9 miles away.
staff are always happy to provide tourist information and recommendations on the best places to eat and drink.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv, seating area with sofa and dvd player.
tuhkana-ranna holiday house is a detached holiday home situated in murika in the saaremaa region and featuring a garden with a barbecue. guests benefit from terrace and a fireplace by the sea.
the nearest airport is delhi international airport, 19 km from meditation palace.
located 5 miles from phoenix sky harbor international airport, this 4-star resort offers luxurious rooms with ipod docking stations and wi-fi.
situated in cape town in the western cape region, this villa is 2.6 km from table mountain. the villa is 4.3 km from sea point pavilion swimming.
staff can help arrange fishing, hiking, skiing and other recreation.
flat-screen tvs with satellite channels are presented in all of the guest rooms at hotel de roubaix.
gloria design suites are set on an historical building in the centre of lisbon between liberdade avenue and bairro alto district.
long beach is 4 miles away.
within a 10-minute walk, the amadé thermal bath can be reached and guests receive a 22% discount.
comfortable apartment city centre delft is about 90 m2 .
piso en los olivos is an apartment situated in adeje, 5 km from aqualand. the unit is 3.3 km from plaza del duque shopping centre.
private bathrooms with a shower and a hairdryer are provided.
the bathroom offers a shower and toilet.
chroma suites disposes elegantly decorated suites offering panoramic views of the aegean sea and the volcano.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
hotel restauracja kardamon is located in tarnów and offers a restaurant and a bar, as well as a garden and a mini zoo.
you can enjoy a sea view from all the rooms.
after going for a yoga session, relax at the sauna or steam room.
wifi is available is all public areas.
free wifi access is available.
at brusnika hotel nagornaya you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
private parking can be found on site.
gillette stadium, home of the new england patriots, is 20 miles from the hotel.
this holiday home is 64 km from juan santamaría international airport.
each room includes a flat-screen tv.
hot shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathroom.
davos is 40 km from gasthaus zur linde, while arosa is 36 km from the property.
set in colombo, 3.6 km from asiri surgical hospital, marine six hotel features free wifi access and free private parking. it has an on-site restaurant.
high-speed internet access is also offered here.
guided tours are organised on request.
casa vacanze oristano is 25 km from the city of oristano.
staff can recommend nearby cafés for breakfast.
at apartment la fosca - barcelona4seasons you will find a balcony.
from may until october, the zell am see - kaprun card is included, offering a free ship tour on the lake, free entry to some museums, free cable car rides and various discounts.
santos dumont airport is at a distance of 8.7 km and galeão international airport is 25.5 km from the property.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and a children's playground.
all apartments and studios provide a terrace or a patio with mountain or garden views.
duret is also ideally located for local transport links that lead to le louvre, place de la concorde and the marais district.
there are various local and western eateries, cafes and restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel.
free wi-fi is available in entire property.
consisting of a traditional stone-built house with a more modern section, cortijo de frias has 7 bedrooms.
torre paradiso offers free wifi and air-conditioned apartments with satellite tv, all in minori on the amalfi coast.
situated 200 metres from vallée village shopping centre in serris, this apartment features free wifi. the unit is 500 metres from aquarium sea life val d'europe.
the contemporary rooms at grey house bed and breakfast have carpeted floors and flat-screen tvs.
guests can also have a traditional meal, composed of organic products upon request.
park royal has been certified by the department of tourism with the h certification which is given to hotels that comply with high standard health procedures.
bright and modern, the apartments offer a full kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, refrigerator and kitchenware.
free access to the hot tub and modern gym is provided to all guests of the hagerstown courtyard.
they have plenty of natural light.
evening meals can be prepared upon request.
the bathrooms include a shower, toilet and towels.
the property offers ski storage and free parking.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
free wi-fi is available throughout the property.
offering free wi-fi, hattlerhof is 2.5 km from the centre of brunico.
situated along my khe - pham van dong beach and about a 5-minute walk to dragon bridge, ocean haven hotel is a modern beach front hotel that offers stylish accommodation with breathtaking views of the white-sand beaches and the surrounding mountains and ocean.
at crazy mzungos you will find a garden and a bar.
the apartments feature fully equipped kitchens, a dining area, a balcony, a coffee table and a fireplace.
a washing machine can be used at an additional cost.
fitted with wooden flooring, each unit comes with a flat-screen satellite tv, an electric kettle, a work desk and a seating area.
each room features a flat-screen tv, a minibar, a safety deposit box and a bathroom with shower and bathrobe.
located in gudauri, 800 metres from goodaura ski lift, snow house boasts a sun terrace and ski-to-door access.
hotel fiorenza offers free parking and free bike rental right in central campitello di fassa, surrounded by the dolomites.
afonso pena international airport is situated 14 km away. curitiba city centre is located 30 km from hotel paraná golf.
free private parking is available on site.
leisure activities in the area include canoeing and cycling.
an evening cocktail hour offers cold drinks and hot food items.
the kitchens are equipped with a fridge, tea/coffee maker and there is a dining area.
zadar city center is 6 km away.
the house features a terrace with a garden view, a living area with a flat-screen tv and a bathroom.
teatro antico theatre is 1.2 km from casa oasi.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
located on taysan hill, the oriental hotel legazpi offers spectacular views of the gulf of albay, mayon volcano and the city.
located in benidorm, 700 metres from mal pas beach, hotel primavera park boasts an outdoor pool, a terrace and an on-site restaurant.
set on el duque square, hotel duquesa is located in the heart of seville.
residenza zaccolo is set in lignano sabbiadoro, 1.7 km from porto lignano.
guests will be a 1-minute walk from historic duval street and 0.3 miles from the ernest hemingway home and museum.
located 5.5 km from ronda, it comes with free parking.
besançon train station is 23.1 km away.
paraty historic centre is 2 km from chalé simsichi, while jabaquara beach is 2.5 km away.
this holiday home is 70 km from la/ontario international airport.
travel and ticketing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
this air conditioned apartment includes a seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
set on 14 acres, batemans bay manor - bed and breakfast features a swimming pool, a sauna and a spa pool.
the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers and offers free wifi in all areas.
davenport university is 13 miles away.
ohrid airport is 8 km from the property.
the air-conditioned rooms provide free wi-fi.
rooms here will provide you with an lcd tv, a fridge, an electric kettle and beach equipment – windscreen and blankets.
many of them have views of the golf course.
there is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a microwave.
there is a dining area and a kitchenette as well as a private bathroom. a tv is available. other facilities at splendore include a seasonal outdoor pool.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
refreshing drinks and beverages can be enjoyed at the hotel’s bars, which include a terrace bar and cocktail bar.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing.
appartamento comi offers accommodation in casamassella.
located in the popular ski resort harrachov, chalet hřebenka is located just 400 metres from the certova hora ski area.
estudiotel alicante's spacious rooms offer free wi-fi.
villa casa country is within easy reach of venice, padua and terme euganee.
it features free continental breakfast and free wi-fi in common areas.
abergavenny is situated at the borders to the brecon beacons national park.
surrounded by the alps, hotel baita sagron mis offers free wi-fi throughout. guests have free access to the spa, wellness centre, hot tub and sauna.
the property is 5.6 km from lac du vernay and 7.5 km from allemond.
the property also offers room service and packed lunches.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
guests can enjoy a meal at the in-house restaurant.
side town centre is 2 km away. antalya airport can be found 60 km from the hotel.
a microwave, fridge, and coffee-making facilities are provided in the contemporary, warmly decorated rooms at holiday inn express breaux bridge.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out trinity beach at 2 km and konnos beach at 6.5 km.
aquatoria dolphinarium is 800 metres from костеро, while amfibius water park is 1.5 km away.
enjoy the staff’s personalised attention, and relax in the spacious summer garden or romantic inner courtyard.
public areas include a patio with arches, columns and a range of plants.
altos de la costa offers massage treatments, available for an extra fee.
fully air-conditioned, all the modern rooms are equipped with a cable/satellite tv, personal safe and tea/coffee making facilities.
each room has a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom.
a coffee machine and work desk are provided in all warmly decorated rooms at the holiday inn express hotel & suites high point south.
it all comes with simple décor and tiled floors.
wi-fi is free.
the property offers barbecue facilities and an outdoor pool surrounded by tropical gardens, where guests can reserve a free snorkeling class.
provided with wood furniture, rooms at mediterraneo hotel are all air conditioned and come with a balcony and satellite tv.
rooms include a private bathroom.
luggage storage and laundry services can be provided upon request.
it's features include free cable tv and parking.
staff can arrange for airport transfers and shuttle service at an additional fee.
a business centre offers computers with free internet access and photocopying services.
private parking is possible on site.
the apartment at 10 warren mews has simple, modern décor. there is a lounge area with a flat-screen tv and a kitchen including a microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, oven, hob and a toaster.
come and stay in the hotel castellina and take it easy in the modern and comfortable rooms.
free private parking is available on site.
set 200 metres from the beach, appartamenti marcelliana offers accommodation in lido di jesolo, 6 km from aqualandia. bus station is 3 km from the property.
private bathrooms come with a shower.
a wide variety of cafés and supermarkets, as well as pubs and restaurants serving fine and casual british and international cuisine, is located in the immediate surroundings of the guest house.
free private parking is available on site.
the apartments feature free wi-fi, separate living room and bedroom areas and a kitchenette.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment magnolia.
located on the sandy coast of anse volbert, this 4-star resort features a spa and a variety of indoor and outdoor activities.
located in the scenic town of schrebitz, separaté im haus carmen offers a sauna and rental bikes.
apartamentos port d’es torrent offers bright 2-bedroom apartments with a simple décor.
the well-lit, spacious rooms with wood floors feature a balcony, flat-screen tv, air conditioning, seating area, wardrobe, minibar and private bathroom.
some units have a balcony, while other comprise a separate living space.
it offers free bike rental, a children's play room and 1 parasol, 1 deck chair and 1 sun lounger on the beach.
a hampshire cottage just 1 mile from the new forest national park, auld mother hubbards offers en suite rooms with free parking and wi-fi.
the apartment includes a flat-screen tv, a seating area and pay-per-view channels.
the tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions.
głogów is 39 km from pokoje wilga.
the swimming lake in ried and the altfinstermünz castle in nauders can be reached within 10 minutes by car, and landeck is a 30-minute drive away.
providing a tranquil environment, the rooms in hotel san marcelo feature fans, cable tvs and private bathrooms.
just 30 metres from riccione's beaches, trampolines suite hotel features a large terrace with free sun loungers, a hot tub and bar.
a coffee maker, hair dryer, and ironing facilities are provided.
the marmot basin ski area is 30 km away.
puerta catedral studios features a shared terrace with views of the giralda.
a private bathroom is included.
nakhon si thammarat airport is a 1-hour ride away.
mount etna is 40 km from the property.
one of the accommodations also includes bbq facilities.
the in-house restaurant serves up a variety of khmer and western dishes daily.
a 42 ́ flat-screen tv with satellite channels is available in the living room.
old trafford stadium is a 15-minute drive, and belle vue train station is just a mile away. stockport town centre is 10 minutes' drive and the town of denton is half a mile away.
the property offers both guestrooms and beds in dormitory with air conditioning.
hotel bellpi is well located for skiing and the nearest slopes are 15 km away, in the pal-arinsal resort.
pirimahuida lodge & spa has an on-site restaurant where guests can experience local dishes, as well as a bar where guests can relax and have a drink.
the ferry port and the main bus and train stations are 1.2 km away.
the nearest restaurant is located 2 km away.
as a guest at the villa bassermann, you can look forward to contemporary-styled rooms equipped with free high-speed internet access, a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom.
guests can relax at the sun terraces and enjoy views over the garden and the cretan sea.
located in atalaia de cima, coral vacation rentals offers access to an outdoor pool and barbecue area.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the property offers free parking.
the on-site restaurant serves tasty organic seafood and thai dishes.
private bathrooms include a hairdryer.
the property is just 500 metres from the kaleto fortress and a 10-minute walk from the town centre.
the distance from baltica apartments to the famous wooden pier in sopot is 450 metres.
cacao beach is 2.4 km from coral city, while kuban is 100 metres away.
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen.
the restaurant serves romanian and international cuisine and features an inviting summer terrace.
the hotel also offers car hire.
most feature a private bathroom.
linen and towels are included in all rooms.
the hotel ideal really is the ideal place to enjoy a fantastic view of lake garda.
the rooms also feature a minibar, cable tv and a phone.
dalaman airport is 60 km away and a shuttle service is available.
please note: car is not advisable.
dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce.
the nearest airport is central airport, 47 km from the property.
stanmore country park and bridgnorth golf club are also less than 10 minutes’ drive.
some have a balcony and wi-fi is available free of charge.
all rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
located a 5-minute walk from people’s square subway station, the phoenix hostel shanghai offers rooms with free wired or wi-fi internet.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
featuring a balcony, all units are air conditioned and feature a seating and dining area. there is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. a microwave and coffee machine are also featured.
hostel 6-15 is a bright property located just 300 metres from the beach in playa del carmen.
the hôtel de la mer is situated in saint-malo, just a 2-minute walk from the sablons beach and a 5-minute walk from the ferry terminal.
the guangzhou east train station is a 20-minute drive away.
your room comes with air conditioning and satellite tv.
guests can relax in the tropical garden or by the outdoor swimming pool.
the private bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer.
petrovsky stadium is 9 km from apartment gzhatskaya 22k3, while hermitage museum is 9 km from the property.
just 2 km from pelita commercial centre, grand palace offers spacious rooms with flat-screen tvs and free wired internet.
a sweet italian breakfast is served buffet style.
located in cortina, panorama is 300 metres from its historic centre.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 27 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
breakfast is included and served in the apartments and there is a common computer for guest use.
all rooms have shared bathrooms.
each apartment consists of a bedroom, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet.
exchange, fax, taxi or laundry services are provided at the 24-hour reception.
herold is 1.3 km from place masséna and 1.7 km from cours saleya.
downtown san juan is less than 16 km from the guest house, while el yunque national park is 40 km away.
located just 200 metres from the beaches of la croisette, hôtel anna livia is a 7-minute walk from the palais des festivals.
bodrum city centre is within 5 km.
it offers outdoor pools, a tennis court and an exotic garden with a waterfall.
poznań’s main railway station is 10 minutes away by tram.
wilson airport is 5.6 km away and jomo kenyatta international airport is 14 km from the property.
featuring a terrace with panoramic views and a garden, colonica fontisterni is a house set in donnini.
gina house hongdae is located in a quiet residential neighbourhood a 5-minute walk from exit 3 of hongik university subway station (line 2, airport railroad and gyeongui line).
the accommodation is suitable for ten guests.
situated 1.5 km from becco dell’aquila parachuting centre, the camping is a 20-minute drive to lake garda.
free private parking is available on site.
the hotel is 7 km from freising and the weihenstephan brewery.
active types will enjoy visiting the sports centre set 5 minutes from the apartments, where you can use the gym and swimming pool, at an additional cost.
each room here will provide you with shared bathroom facilities.
bright and airy, all rooms are fitted with a writing desk, a sofa and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
knight's palace is 700 metres from studio apartman sirena, while old port of foša is 700 metres away.
the split ferry port can be accessed within 1.7 km, while split airport is 21 km from the accommodation.
located in the medieval city of nozeroy, les remparts is 30 km from pontarlier, 15 km from champagnole and 15 km from frasne train station.
complimentary hot breakfast is served every morning.
accommodation will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
guests can enjoy a dip in the outdoor swimming pool or practice tai chi session in the morning.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
the property offers room with free wi-fi.
the hotel offers free wi-fi and free on-site parking.
the 3-star hotel restaurant les blés d’or is located in the village centre, opposite the chateau de cormatin.
from early may to late october, the kärnten card is included in the rate.
set under the roof or on the lower floors with bay windows looking out onto the park, they are all equipped with wi-fi access.
hao hostel offers accommodation in phuket town.
le clos du père finet b&b is just over a 10-minute drive from redu.
a private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
in the morning you can help yourself at the value-for-money breakfast buffet and vending machines provide drinks and snacks.
quayside is 1.5 km from budget apartment shields road, while northumbria university is 1.8 km away.
the nearest airport is paphos international airport, 20 km from the property.
each apartment has a kitchen with a microwave, oven and coffee machine.
the area is popular for skiing and hiking.
each morning brekafast is served buffet style.
a private bathroom with a hairdryer is provided in all rooms.
a 10-minute drive will take you to bansko and razlog.
this residence resideal is located next to la croisette, in central cannes.
el sol hostel de humahuaca is located 800 metres from the bus station.
there is also a banquet facility which can be used at extra cost, which offers various french cousine and buffet courses for special occasions. ironing service is provided for free, while dry cleaning, laundry and a laptop pc rental service are available at extra cost.
located only 300 metres from unesco-listed monastery horezu, pensiunea horezu offers accommodation with free wifi and an on-site restaurant.
each studio comes with a fully furnished kitchenette, which includes a fridge, stove and toaster.
there is a large public bath within the property.
day and hiking trips through rice terraces and along the river can be arranged by the hotel at an extra cost.
satellite tv and a dressing room are also available in several rooms at villa anna.
the property is 5 miles from point park and 3 miles from the border of tennessee and georgia.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided.
for dining, there are a lot of eateries in the surrounding area.
ski passes can be bought on site, and a supermarket and several restaurants are within a 2-minute walk.
harrisburg international airport is 32.9 km away.
each room features a unique decoration at hotel sesli. they are all equipped with antique furniture and modern amenities including air conditioning and free wi-fi.
featuring a garden and free wi-fi, apartments marko is located in split. it is 500 metres from the beach and restaurants. diocletian's palace and cathedral of saint domnius are 9 km away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
darkhill hotel offers rooms with free wi-fi only 200 metres from laleli-üniversite tram stop and 350 metres from vezneciler metro station, in the centre of istanbul.
the mobile homes offer a kitchenette and guests have access to shared bathroom facilities and a launderette.the campsite is self-catering and features an onsite restaurant.
the bathroom has a bath and includes a hairdryer.
every room at the hotel seneca comes with cable tv and a minibar. each unit also comprises a private bathroom with a shower.
krka national park is 40 km away.
jacob villa features free wifi .
there is room service at the property.
a range of books can be found in the lange's lounge. guests are welcome to borrow books during their stay.
guests can enjoy leisure activities such as diving and fishing.
guests can enjoy breakfast on the veranda.
featuring a playful design, rooms at kombi hostel are equipped with shared bathroom facilities.
this apartment is located 700 metres from bellevue square and 2.9 km from kelsey creek farm.
the comfortable holiday home has a living room with a fireplace and cable tv.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer is also provided.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and an ironing service.
the sēļu park is 2 km away.
the nearest airport is exeter international airport, 25 km from mariners beachside.
alte gärtnerei is located in the historic trachau district of dresden, 1.5 km from the river elbe.
gdansk lech walesa airport is located 18 km away.
all air-conditioned mobile homes come with a kitchenette and verandah.
krabi success beach resort offers bicycle and limousine rentals.
set on a large estate surrounded by almond and carob trees, this renovated farmhouse features an outdoor swimming pool and farm animals. it is situated between llucmajor and campos.
the noemi hotel is 1-minute walk from st. mark’s square and is surrounded by venice's most popular shops, cafés and restaurants.
there is a gift shop at the property.
you can also experience andalusian cuisine in the olontigi’s rustic restaurant, el fogón de carmen.
boasting an outdoor swimming pool this fully furnished apartment is only 2 blocks from santa isabel metro station. guests can relax in the sauna room.
congress and convention bureau is 2.3 km from appartamento marina, while bus station is 3.2 km away.
yachimun street is 1.4 km from the hotel, while dfs galleria okinawa is 1.5 km from the property.
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 5.3 km from the property.
hotel emma’s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region.
it is a 15-minute drive from central shopping mall, and a free shuttle to the mall is provided.
the historical city ootmarsum is 6 km away.
taxis are available just outside the property.
located less than 2 minutes drive from the spa area in vysne ruzbachy, pine wood valley offers accommodation directly on the top of the ski park ski slope.
it features a business centre and provides free wi-fi access throughout the property.
there is a selection of shops, bars and restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the canaima.
discounts may apply for stays of 5 nights or longer.
viliky novgorod train station is 1.7 km from kvartira 88.
buffet breakfast is served at the restaurant.
beaune is a 35-minute drive away and tournus is 20 km from the b&b.
at gatti - monolocale ospedaletti there is access to the furnished terrace where you can enjoy a sea view.
porto lignano is 5 km away.
the tour desk helps guests organise excursions to local attractions.
a private balcony is standard in all apartments.
this self-catering accommodation also features free wifi.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven.
there is a well-equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the la berra ski lift is located 10 km from the property, while the charmey and the le moléson ones are to 22 km and 28 km away respectively. a visit to the cailler chocolate factory 10 km away can be arranged and the château de gruyère can be sightseen 15 km off.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
located in zaton, just steps away from a pebbly beach, apartment bonačić offers barbecue facilities and free wi-fi access.
bicycle and car rentals are offered at the reception.
they come with a well-equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher, and a dining area.
da lat flower gardens is 7.5 km away, while nha trang airport is approximately 87 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
life park kurashiki center is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
the nearest airport is zagreb airport, 16 km from the property.
the 2-bedroom cottage also has self-catering facilities.
located slope side, this hotel offers skiing at the snowshoe mountain resort and is opposite the ballhooter ski lift.
discounted parking passes for a nearby car park can be purchased at the reception.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room, a tour desk and luggage storage.
madeira airport is a 1-hour drive from the casa do valgao.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the nearest airport is don mueang international airport, 18 km from 42 guest house.
the air-conditioned suites and studios at hotel flamboyanes feature colourful décor and traditional wooden furniture.
the bathroom comes with free toiletries.
each also has a kitchenette, and comes with a microwave and a fridge.
the residence is 1.5 km from sandy, swimming beaches and 5.5 km from agde.
the apartment is 2.5 km from pula cathedral.
free wi-fi and parking are provided on site.
hotel guests can also relax with a drink in the lobby or enjoy a game of billiards.
it features a three-storey spa and yoga studio.
offering a free exclusive spa and à la carte restaurant, hotel aurora & del benessere is 100 metres from santa cesarea terme’s thermal baths.
its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast, and shuttle services are arranged.
featuring an outdoor pool and terrace, cortijo bustamante is located in baza outskirts.
the property offers free wifi and private parking.
certain units have views of the sea or pool.
with free wi-fi, the rooms are air-conditioned and feature warm lighting. they are fitted with a tv, minibar and private bathroom with a hot shower and hairdryer.
villa tolleric is a villa situated in badia blava, 19 km from palma de mallorca.
it features a ground-floor bar with a furnished patio.
breakfast is served every morning and it is also possible to stage events at the restaurant on site.
the reception desk is available 24-hours a day.
the nearest airport is barcelona el prat airport, 14 km from the property.
enjoy special savings and added perks when you bring your group to six flags over georgia and six flags white water.
dinara ayurveda resort is located in hewaheta and offers comfortable stay.
it offers a free evening buffet and free wi-fi internet access.
conveniently situated by nagu marina, hotel strandbo is an excellent base for travellers to the scenic turku archipelago trail.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
a hot-spring bath can be reserved for private use, free of charge.
ski storage is available on site.
the hotel enjoys views of the picturesque harbour and bay of ca ́n picafort.
garbos hotel is 2 km from west shopping centre, and 3 km from mossoró airport.
a full kitchen comprises of an oven, a fridge, a dishwasher and a dining area.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
porto international airport is a 17-minute drive from the cosy downtown flat.
the holiday farm comes with a sauna, free wifi and complimentary bed linen.
durbuy is 34 km from gilles de ver, while namur is 33 km away.
karaoke nights are organised in the summer.
the hotel is just 10 minute’s drive from bahrain international airport and 20 minutes from the king fahad highway.
the beach area offers free parasols and free sunbeds.
the property offers a tour desk, where guests can arrange tours throughout the region.
for convenience, the hotel provides a concierge service, a 24-hour front desk, and laundry service.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and outdoor pool.
set in the east lynne farm coffee estate, the lake forest hotel is 35 km from salem airport and salem railway station.
large & bright apartment in the heart of constanta features 3 bedrooms, a living room, 2 bathrooms, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area.
other facilities and services like laundry, dry cleaning, airport shuttle, and car hire are available with extra charges.
shared bathroom and showers are located in the hallway.
area shuttles and meeting rooms are also available.
guests can enjoy hiking in the surrounding areas.
padmanabhaswami temple is 15 km away while poovar island is 30 km away.
the hotel features a terrace.
the en suite bathroom offers free toiletries and a hairdryer.
a simple breakfast with toast and jam, cereals, tea and coffee is provided each morning.
with a rustic feel and wood beamed ceilings, every apartment features a seating area and dining table.
the british museum, covent garden and the area’s many shops are within easy reach.
located in shuhe old town, lijiang, banyan tree offers a relaxing retreat away from the city.
burj al mawaed is located in riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation.
located 2.1 km from pishchalausky castle, apartment kaskad offers accommodation in minsk. the apartment is 2.2 km from national exhibition centre belexpo.
located in downtown san cristobal de las casas, this 4-star hotel is 3 blocks from san cristobal cathedral.
at the rooftop restaurant, guests can sample asian and international dishes while taking in views of the surrounding neighbourhood.
interlaken is located 43 km from the property, while gstaad is 39 km away.
there is also a shared lounge, a snack bar, and a children's playground.
tennis facilities are within 200 metres.
rooms at memory patong are fitted with a flat-screen tv, a safety deposit box and a refrigerator.
guests can relax with pampering massage treatments or take a dip in the pool.
l'antico forziere offers air-conditioned suites and rooms elegantly decorated, including wrought iron beds and different coloured curtains.
ferienhaus leuchtturmblick auf rügen is located in sassnitz. free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
the rooms also include a minibar and a designed bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
the air-conditioned rooms include a refrigerator, and an electric kettle with green tea bags.
all rooms feature a fireplace.
hilton garden inn is within one mile of the country music hall of fame and museum, centennial park and the parthenon.
each villa at the kalyana villas includes a seating area with sofa and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
guests can play billiards and tennis at the property.
the bright, air-conditioned rooms offer light-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
they can also enjoy a free cocktail at trouville or deauville casino.
located just a 5-minute walk from the beach, travellers beach hostel offers a terrace, lockers and luggage storage. the town centre is a 7-minute walk from the property.
each apartment at golden sands cairns offers a fully equipped kitchen with a large refrigerator and a stove-top.
solny square is 1.2 km from locativus inowrocławska, while wroclaw main market square is 1.3 km from the property.
the nearest railway station is gdańsk lipce, 1.7 km away.
guests enjoy free breakfast daily, choosing between a sweet buffet in a dedicated room, or a croissant and drink at a partner bar 100 metres away.
set in a 19th-century building, it features charming patio areas.
cooked breakfast is served each morning at monk coniston, with a buffet selection including cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurts, croissants and pastries. there is also porridge, toast, juice, tea and coffee.
other facilities like a shared lounge and ski storage are offered.
the sea and the lively dioskur enbankment are within an 8-minute walk of the property.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
a washing machine and dryer are also available for use.
a 3-minute walk will take you to the sandy baltic sea beach.
bed linen is available.
situated in a charming, quiet courtyard in the old town of vilnius, grybas house can be found right next to a lively shopping street.
the talblick’s spa includes saunas, a solarium and a gym.
massage services are offered on-site.
sauna facility is also available on site.
numerous cafés, pubs and shops can be found in the immediate vicinity.
meeting rooms are available.
featuring a garden, hostel and campsite mystical adventures offers accommodations in urubamba.
the air-conditioned rooms at the best western quartier latin pantheon are all soundproofed and have tea and coffee making facilities.
transfers can be arranged upon request and against a surcharge.
with an unbeatable oceanfront location, hotel santorini is just 40 metres from scenic itaparica beach.
a free shuttle service is provided to/from monopoli train station, while a transfer to/from the airports of bari and brindisi is available upon request.
trendy cafés and bars can be found on oranienburger straße, one of berlin's most popular nightlife districts.
a 24-hour fitness centre and a 24-hour business centre are both available for guest convenience at the portland doubletree by hilton.
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling, and it is 40 km to the city of koblenz.
extras include dvd player, cd player and satellite channels.
there is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with an oven and microwave.
mayaliam bungalows features free wifi throughout the property.
the rheinland wildlife park is just a 5-minute drive from the hotel.
a wide variety of bars and restaurants is a 10-minute walk away.
located in maceió, apartamentos & suites ponta verde maceió offers an outdoor pool.
the home has air conditioning and includes satellite tv, a fan and a private entrance.
guests can dine at charlie’s pub and grill or bmc bistro at clarion inn.
apartment "october" is a self-catering 5th floor accommodation located in yaroslavl.
the park applies external insulation systems that contribute to energy savings, contributing to non-global warming.
antigoni apartmens offers accommodation in párga. ai giannakis βeach is 400 metres from the property.
the hotel has a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge, meeting facilities and offers luggage storage and laundry services.
it offers soundproofed rooms with free wi-fi and flat-screen satellite tv.
nikos kazantzakis airport is located 70 km away.
located in availles limousines, 350 metres from the river vienne, this hotel has soundproofed rooms with free wi-fi access, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
free wi-fi is available at the reception and there is a garden at the foot of the mountains.
the hotel is only 30 minutes from dublin city centre, 50 km from dublin airport, and just 15 minutes from dundrum shopping centre. the large country estate of powerscourt is just 10 minutes away by car, as are some of wicklow’s finest and championship golf courses.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning.
two bikes are at guests' disposal, as well as free private parking.
all include a tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
thawee grand mansion is located 2 kms from ubon ratchathani airport and robinson department store.
each apartment comes with free wifi, flat-screen cable tv with dvd player, and a bathroom with shower, toilet and hairdryer.
some villas also have a private kitchen equipped with a stovetop.
massage treatments are available in the spa centre upon request.
evening entertainment is also provided.
a heated storage room with a ski boot dryer is provided for your ski equipment.
free public parking is available nearby.
eloy alfaro international airport is 70 km away from renato's house.
it offers air-conditioned rooms, free private parking, a buffet-style breakfast and wifi is free in rooms and shared areas.
the sweet living schwedenplatz apartment includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen cable tv, a kitchenette with a dining area, and a bathroom with a hairdryer.
authentic khmer and western dishes can be enjoyed at the in-house restaurant. guests can also enjoy a drink while relaxing at the pub.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out whistler mountain bike park (5 km) and alpha lake park (500 m).
a basketball court, fitness centre, tennis court, and sand volleyball court are on site.
saint isaac's cathedral is 10 km from flat on altayskaya 33, while admiralty building is 10 km from the property.
parking is also possible on site and at a location nearby.
the rooms and suites here will provide you with air conditioning, private patio, and a fridge. casa del sol bed and breakfast extras include an en suite with a shower.
free wi-fi is available.
guests are offered a private parking.
the private bathroom is complete with a shower and hairdryer.
the raley field stadium is also close by.
the comfortable rooms are air conditioned and have a flat-screen tv and a coffee machine.
packed lunches are available.
linen and towels are included.
the pedestrian kirova street is a 10-minute walk from the hostel.
plasencia has easy access to the a66 motorway, which connects guests to cáceres in an hour. sierra de gredos national park is 40 km away.
an array of activities is available in the surrounding environs of the mirabeagle, including canoeing, skiing and fishing.
there is also a summer kitchen with hotplates, barbecue facilities, a fridge and a terrace with table and chairs.
views of the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from the accommodation.
desert home offers a 39°c hot tub in its garden and rooms with full cooking facilities.
it takes 5 minutes by car from the motel to pantai cenang and muzium padi (rice museum).
salto de jimenoa is 6 km from jarabacoa mountain hostel, while pico duarte is 41 km from the property.
it offers free access at haga health club spa, a restaurant and spacious rooms with free wifi.
the apartment features a living room with a flat-screen tv, 3 bedrooms, a washing machine and a bathroom.
each air-conditioned room at this property provides a flat-screen cable tv, an electric kettle and a refrigerator. featuring a shower, the private bathroom also has free toiletries.
they feature a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen tv and a dvd player.
selective dishes from local and international cuisines are also served in à la carte style.
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and shower.
peacefully located in baden-baden, villa monte offers a garden and well-equipped apartments with a free wifi. the property lies just 800 metres from the baden-baden opera haus.
hotel phoenix can be found in the quiet wiesti quarter of zermatt.
parking is free next to ærenpris 71.
a classic italian breakfast, including pastries, yogurt, and cold cuts, is served daily.
you will find a shared lounge at the property.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily.
anapa train station is 14 km away, and vityazevo airport is 19 km from mirabel hotel.
the upstairs bedroom features carpeted floors and vaulted wood ceilings.
this 4-star hotel in neukirchen-vluyn is in the scenic lower rhine valley.
hiking and horse riding are available in the vicinity.
rooms are functional decorated and have tiled floors.
a tv is available.
there is also a children's playground on site, including board games, badminton, table tennis and petanque.
located in the medieval historic centre of fumone, locanda il falco nero is set on a hill above the sacco valley.
the multilingual team of staff at reception can book guided tours, excursions, and theatre tickets. don't forget to pick up your free city map.
stadelhofen station is just 400 metres away from hotel ni-mo.
the torre guaceto reserve is 8 km from the property.
a pizzeria, pool bar and lobby bar are also on site.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, windsurfing and cycling.
for convenience, a 24-hour front desk and private parking are available.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, fishing and hiking.
locanda alpe quaggione trattoria con camere is 10 km from omegna and lake orta.
there is also a vending machine, where you can buy snacks and drinks.
the kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
viaduct between pereira and dosquebradas is 400 metres from hotel san fermin pereira, while cathedral of our lady of poverty is 500 metres away.
river shannon, the longest river in ireland, is 10 minutes' away by car.
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner private beach.
at holiday home per knoldsvej blåvand iv you will find an indoor swimming pool, a spa bath, a sauna, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
free private parking is available.
housed in a historic building in durango’s historic centre, this hotel has free wi-fi connection, babysitting services, luggage storage, and meeting rooms.
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
bouling pub offers a bar, banquet facilities and a sauna.
located in central arashiyama district, ranzan offers accommodations with free wired internet access.
the cosy rooms at pinocchio feature wooden furnishings and cable tvs. each is equipped with hot/cold showers, tea/coffee making facilities and an alarm clock.
in the moshav community, guests will also find a synagogue, mini market, petting zoo and playground.
private bathrooms also come with towels and linen.
bristol is a 30-minute drive from the white hart, and chippenham is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
free private parking is available at the apartment.
a local bus stop is just 20 metres from hotel perla, and the resort of nessebar is 5 km away.
each unit comes with a private bathroom with a shower.
abc sweet studios are around 30 km away from the main town and port of corfu, as well as from ioannis kapodistrias international airport.
pj inn pattaya is located in pattaya central and 1 km from the beachfront.
free wi-fi is provided in the lobby.
a 10-minute walk from the historic centre, the hotel also offers a fitness room.
guests can explore the picturesque montmartre district or go to the moulin rouge, which is 450 metres away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
guests can workout in the fitness centre or use the business centre that offers fax and photocopying services.
the nearest bus station is just 150 metres from the hotel.
free wi-fi is provided at sokhi guest house.
guests benefit from terrace and a seasonal outdoor pool.
some units feature a balcony and/or patio with sea or mountain views.
baylys beach holiday park also offers quad bike hires.
offering a typical restaurant, hotel riviera is located in pisciotta.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven and there is a private bathroom.
all rooms have a satellite tv, a minibar and an en suite bathroom.
the studio offers a fully-equipped kitchenette.
in-room dining is possible with room service.
the kosmos offers free on-site and a 24-hour reception.
holiday home les lauriandes is located at les baux de provence.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a children's playground.
you can enjoy a mountain view and a river view from all the rooms.
the rooms at i-hotel kowloon are small but feature a tv, an en suite bathroom and free bottled water.
vrahia studios enjoy a quiet location on agiassos bay, only 150 metres from the seafront.
they feature cable tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
the popular szymoszkowa ski complex is only 3 km away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out copacabana beach (1 km) and post 7 - arpoador (1.1 km).
amenities include satellite tv and a fridge.
rooms at papyrus feature heating and air conditioning. all of them have private bathrooms and wooden bedside tables.
some feature a kitchenette with a fridge, coffee maker and cooking hobs.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in no site including, billiards, table tennis, darts and air hockey.
book day trips at the tour desk, or make use of the laundry services.
featuring wellness facilities including a hot tub and a gym, cumana blu residence is set 2 km from campofilone city centre and just a 10-minute walk from campofilone’s sandy beach. it offers self-catering accommodation in green surroundings.
sennaya 5 apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in saint petersburg, right in front of sadovaya, spasskaya and sennaya ploshchad metro stations.
a shared garden is available.
the apartment is 2.7 km from peak 8 superconnect.
only 200 metres from a sandy beach in peschici, in the gargano national park, ala marina features a garden with bbq facilities and a sun terrace. the property offers free wi-fi and free private parking.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the air-conditioned rooms of bangor fairfield inn are equipped with a work desk, coffee/tea making facilities, and cable tv with hbo.
some of the activities that you can do in the surroundings are golfing, hiking, horse riding and biking.
the apartment offers free private parking on-site
bed linen and towels are included.
facilities for the air-conditioned rooms at pousada costa include a minibar, a tv with satellite channels and private bathroom with a hot shower.
a wide selection of recreational activities are provided, including volleyball, darts and trekking.
salvador bus station is 10 km away, and luis eduarodo magalhes international airport is at a distance of 30 km.
solar panels are used for warm water and heating.
located in the resort of playa de las americas, hotel la siesta is set 300 metres from the beach.
resturants, bar, and shops are within 600 metres.
there will be homemade cakes for you to enjoy on your arrival.
further dining options are located in the city centre, only 3.5 km away.
enjoying quiet location in a castle park, zámeček petrovice provides elegant rooms, 24-hour front desk and a restaurant serving czech and international cuisine.
alassio is 41 km from casa adriana, while acqui terme is 42 km from the apartment.
room service is available 24 hours a day.
ulyanovsk baratayevka airport is 10 km away.
carrasco international airport is located 18 km away.
the stylish kitchens come with granite counters and stainless steel appliances.
this holiday home is 104 km from schiphol airport.
carrasco airport is 35 km from pueblo chico.
this simply furnished apartment features a balcony, a kitchen, and a flat-screen tv with dvd player.
a free baby kit can be provided and you will also have free access to a fishing area with a locker, fridge and sink.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels and dvd player is available.
a flat-screen cable tv is featured in the air-conditioned apartment.
all the rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a seating area and air conditioning.
rooms at the hampton inn hays-north of i-70 offer cable tv with free premium channels and pay-per view movie options.
milan linate airport in 6 km away.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
lie back and unwind in the garden pavilion, on the sun terrace or even on your own room balcony.
all have a modern bathroom with a shower cabin.
you can play table tennis at the guest house.
all rooms at the airport zeltinger hof include a seating area with tv and radio.
they include a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with underfloor heating.
each includes a fully equipped kitchenette as well as barbecue facilities.
guests are welcome to use the well-equipped kitchen to prepare meals and there is a wide range of restaurants, cafés and bars within a 10-minute walk from the apartment.
studio vipera features free wifi throughout.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit.
a sweet italian breakfast, including croissants, juices and coffee, is served daily.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding, hiking and snorkelling.
hiking can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
hurtigruten terminal bergen is 1 km from bergen harbour hotel, while aquarium bergen is 1.3 km from the property.
the evergreen aviation museum is within driving distance of the wilsonville holiday inn portland hotel.
all rooms and apartments are providing cable tv and a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is orly airport, 13 km from the property.
a work desk is also provided at furnished suites facing the manhattan skyline .
a poolside hot tub, lounge chairs and fitness centre is available for guests’ at phoenix- tempe doubletree by hilton.
edmonton international airport is 45 minutes’ drive away.
each apartment comprises a kitchenette with a dining table, a living area with a sofa bed, and at least 1 bathroom with a shower.
with air conditioning, apartments at the bernardo are fully equipped. each offers a kitchenette.
guests can enjoy discounts at the nearest private sandy beach, just 150 metres away.
tastefully decorated in light colours, the rooms of egesade hotel include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a dvd player. each room has a private bathroom.
the modern kitchen has a washing machine, oven and hob and the bathrooms include spa showers.
for a taste of lisbon’s nightlife guests can use the glória lift and visit the lively bairro alto district just 650 metres away.
one of the rooms overlooks the sea.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
the house can accommodate up to six persons.
central kansas city can be reached in 1 hours’ drive.
houston city centre is 20 minutes' drive away.
you can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for skiing and fishing.
all the rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
guests can find a variety of restaurants and bars within 200 meters, and the multicentro aliadas shopping mall is just a-minute walk away.
offering sweeping views of the sea, the restaurant serves thai, western and fresh seafood dishes.
the nearest airport is volgograd international airport, 15 km from the property.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning, cable tv and seating area with sofa.
it offers rooms and suites with free wifi access and views of the sea and the hotel’s gardens.
guests can enjoy fusion greek cuisine at vivarium roof garden restaurant offering views of the valley of episkopos.
the shops of cala mayor are only 500 metres away.
the staff at the tour desk can assist with making travel arrangements.
entertainment for kids if offered in high season.
guests can also opt for barbecue on the beach.
tel aviv marina is 3 km from this apartment.
offering lovely mountain views, all air-conditioned units come with a flat-screen cable tv, an electric kettle and a work desk.
featuring a private entrance, this standalone homestay comes with air conditioning, a wardrobe, dining table and a living room with sofa and tv.
free private parking is available on site.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher.
satellite tv, a desk and a private bathroom are included in each room.
in the town of tallanstown, 10 minutes’ drive from ardee and 15 minutes’ drive from dundalk, louth hall b&b has free wi-fi and offers tea/coffee and home-made scones on arrival.
an italian breakfast of coffee and croissants is served at the café next door.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the mayflower theatre is 1.8 km away.
offering a barbecue and views of the garden, family guest house on odesskaya is situated in yeysk.
yekaterinburg train station is 5 km away, and koltsovo airport is 15 km from the property.
the nearest airport is nassau international airport, 6 km from the property.
palermo is a 50-minute drive away.
al massira airport is 31 km away.
saxon garden is 600 metres from agcity świętokrzyska, while holy cross church is 600 metres from the property.
at cabañas santa irene guests will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
a 24 hour front desk is available.
there is a private bathroom and a seating area.
the university of nebraska omaha and the henry doorly zoo are less than 10 miles from the omaha carol hotel.
each room includes a private bathroom with a bath and bidet, with bath robes provided.
the harbour and beaches of puerto progreso are around 25 km away.
maribor is 20 km away.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
the aesch-herrenweg tram stop is 200 metres away and provides direct connections to basel.
some of them enjoy nice views of rodriguez peña square.
rooms may be located at a separate location 1.4 km from the check-in address.
every room has a flat-screen tv.
there is a private en-suite or external bathroom with a cold or hot shower and pets are allowed on request.
the guest rooms at hôtel restaurant l’equipe include a tv and a wardrobe.
each also includes a private bathroom with a shower.
each chalet, holiday home or tent is fitted with kitchenware, a refrigerator and outdoor furniture. there is a coffee maker.
it is situated in baden-baden town centre, just 300 metres from the kurhaus (spa resort).
the property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from monument of the warsaw uprising.
free wifi is available in the hotel rooms.
private bathroom comes with a shower.
in the vicinity of mondi's guest house guests can enjoy activities like swimming, snorkeling and cycling.
veracruz international airport is 1 hour and 20 minutes’ drive away.
guests can come and go as they like with the 24-hour reception.
located within 6 km of the hollywood walk of fame and the hollywood bowl, this los angeles motel offers rooms with free wi-fi.
in the heart of the liverpool one development, this 4-star hotel has views over albert dock.
a bus that stops 10 metres from b&b albaluna takes you to bari.
admella's bistro offers delicious lunch on monday to saturdays, plus breakfast and dinner 7 days a week.
it offers basic guest services and free wi-fi in all areas.
the towns of igoumenitsa and parga are 23 km away.
free wifi is available in all areas.
some rooms have a french balcony.
located in the copacabana district of rio de janeiro, the hotel biarritz invites you to rest in accommodations equipped with king-size beds and air conditioning.
the mgm grand detroit casino is 16 miles from the red roof inn madison heights. ford field, an indoor football stadium home to the detroit lions, is 15.5 miles away.
hotel rainforest offers a 24-hour front desk and a tour desk.
a large work desk with ergonomic chair comes as standard, and some rooms offer a relaxing jacuzzi bathtub.
the rooms at hotel papagayo offer basic décor, tv, wardrobe and a private bathroom with shower.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out snowy mountains (9.1 km).
towels and bed linen are available at modern sea view.
offering free bikes, dom pod brzozą is located in studzieniczna, on the shore of sajno lake, in the natura 2000 area.
featuring free wifi, samruk offers accommodation in kokshetau.
you can enjoy city view.
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
holiday home slettevej vejby xii is located in vejby.
other useful services include a business centre, currency exchange and tour desk.
xi'an railway station is 17 minutes' drive away while xianyang international airport can be reached in 45 minutes' taxi ride.
free parking is available on site and tampico airport is a 10-minute drive away.
satellite tv, a telephone and a refrigerator are provided in each room.
a tv is provided.
located just steps away from the sea, apartments rora offers self-catering accommodation in rogoznica. free wifi access is available.
guest house ena is set in split, 900 metres from diocletian's palace.
featuring a balcony, all rooms come with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the furnishings and fabric in neutral colours, cosy living area with sofa and works of art create an elegant atmosphere.
your room at villa adriatic bed and breakfast comes with a flat-screen tv, a minibar, and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
free access to wi-fi is available in the lobby and free private parking is offered on site.
waldhotel schäferberg is quietly situated on the edge of the reinhardswald forest, near kassel.
set in the bussaco national forest, this 5-star hotel is housed in the hunting palace of the last portuguese kings.
they provide tea and coffee making facilities, work desks and cable tv.
shenzhen railway station is 3.5 km away, while shenzhen bao'an international airport is 37 km away.
located 200 metres from the nearest beach in kolimpithres area, the whitewashed anna studios offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi.
free bicycles are available at reception and the garden includes a children's playground.
a children’s pool and a playground are also available.
it has a shared kitchen and a free seasonal outdoor pool.
the hotel has a 24-hour front desk and launderette facilities.
on-site parking is provided free of charge, and the reception is open 24 hours.
located in the bandar hilir city centre, harbour is a 5-minute drive from red house and jonker walk, which features a lively night market.
free wifi access is available.
overlooking the garden, the rooms of liogerma are decorated with leather or dark-wooden beds and soft colours.
holiday home sydslugen blåvand denm is located in blåvand and can accommodate up to ten persons.
a sweet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
two double rooms and a bathroom with bath are also featured.
hotel vienna in the town of silistra features a restaurant with a bar and a summer garden, and offers air-conditioned rooms.
set amongst 2 acres of land, it features free wi-fi and free parking.
the property is 700 metres from siófok train station.
a yacht port can be reached in 700 metres.
the surrounding garden is ideal for safe play.
aalborg congress & culture centre is reached within 5 minutes on foot.
the property boasts views of the mountains.
other facilities like ski storage and a children's playground are offered.
providing an endless variety of on-site activities, including a children's club and a full-service spa, this puerto plate all-inclusive resort offers on-site dining options and an unrivaled oceanfront location.
located a 4 km from paestum, hotel pace offers a private beach area, restaurant and accommodation with air conditioning.
you will find a gift shop at the property.
located opposite ducs de bretagne castle in nantes, the hotel du château is a 5-minute walk from the train station, the exhibition centre and the city centre.
a washing machine is at guests’ disposal.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv, air conditioning and a patio with chairs.
it offers soundproofed rooms with an lcd tv and a seating area.
all rooms at locanda la pieve are individually decorated and feature antique tuscan furnishings.
located 7 km from mariinsky theatre in saint petersburg, this apartment features free wifi and a balcony. the apartment is 8 km from saint isaac's cathedral.
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing, cycling and fishing.
guests are invited to prepare their own home-cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with coffee machine and toaster.
it features free wifi throughout.
libourne train station is 25 km from this property where free parking is possible.
hotel medemblik is situated in a charming town set on one of europe's largest inland lakes, the ijsselmeer.
you can enjoy mountain and garden views from the rooms.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
there are three private bathrooms, of which one includes a hot tub and a sauna. other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood-burning stove.
the accommodation is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv, a sofa seating area and a coffee table.
situated near the castles of fontainebleau and vaux-le-vicomte, the balladins melin vert offers comfortable accommodation and a warm welcome.
with air conditioning, rooms come with a tv and fridge.
a 24-hour front desk with concierge service is offered at inn napa winery.
the resort of sunny beach is 6 km from the property.
a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available to guests of days inn and suites anaheim.
there is free parking nearby.
all air-conditioned rooms include cable tv, a dvd player and a work desk with wi-fi internet access.
alexanderplatz square is 15 minutes away by bus or tram.
private bathrooms come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as diving and fishing.
saint-augustin metro station is 240 metres away and gare saint-lazare is 300 metres away.
packed lunches can be requested.
apple lodge (miri) is located 8 km from miri airport and 18 km from boulevard shopping complex.
a tv is available.
azeka shopping center is 2 miles away from these apartments.
apartamentos vía verde del aceite offer free private parking and an outdoor swimming pool.
suites include a full kitchen.
the bedrooms are spacious and modern and they all have an en suite bathroom with bathroom amenities.
l'orangeraie is a 10-minute drive from saint-cyprien and a 15-minute drive from collioure.
for younger guests, the kervan offers a children’s playground.
the cathedral, ice rink, shops and restaurants of the historic city can all be reached in around 15 minutes or less on foot.
this chic hotel is just a 15-minute walk from taksim square and less than 5 minutes’ walk away from istiklal street’s shops, cafés and restaurants.
the hotel also has a café serving drinks and snacks.
guests can relax in the spacious 24-hour public bath and use free wi-fi in the public areas.
there is furniture and sun umbrellas in the garden.
located in the sugana valley in northern italy, hotel vezzena offers mountain-style accommodation with free wi-fi and free parking.
the property is a 3-hour bus ride from cebu city.
breakfast can be enjoyed in the garden when the weather is nice.
free wi-fi is available throughout the entire hotel.
špalíček and cheb castle can both be reached within 200 metres.
free private, on-site parking is provided.
set in a renovated baroque house in lisbon’s lively bairro alto, lisbon best hostel offers accommodation 200 metres from rossio railway station.
wi-fi is available for free.
all rooms are decorated with colourful local artwork and have plenty of natural light.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, a spa and wellness centre and a massage parlour, southern mermaid resorts is located in covelong.
the private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
there is ticket service at the property. self-service provides video conferencing, telephone reception service instead of on-site reception service for guests' convenience.
apartment jozefina also includes a barbecue.
guests at casa arrayan will also find a tour desk, which can help guests arrange shuttle services to the ski centres for an extra fee.
free wifi access is provided throughout.
a 5-minute walk from bankai beach, bay lounge resort offers peaceful accommodation in koh phangan.
there is 24-hour front desk assistance and a handy currency exchange service.
guests can enjoy free sauna access and free wi-fi internet connection.
fertő-hansági national park and the austrian border are 9 km away, and vienna is at the distance of 60 km.
located 1 km from the centre of hoi an, prince hotel provides its guests with free access to the outdoor swimming pool and free bicycles.
kastrup airport is located 33 km from the property.
a restaurant serving breakfast and traditional czech cuisine.
located on the sixth floor of alpenhotel dachstein, it is easily accessible by lift.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
this harbour side hotel is just across the street from gotland’s ferry terminal and 10 minutes’ walk from visby’s medieval city centre, itself a unesco world heritage site.
the resort boasts 3 outdoor pools and a spa.
the property is 200 metres from moscova metro stop, with links to milan centrale train station.
at topanga there is free private parking on site.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
the hotel am markt is situated in the pedestrian area of the viktualienmarkt market place in munich and is just a 1-minute walk away from marienplatz.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
all feature a laptop safe, coffee/tea makers, a minibar, ironing facilities and a work desk.
several walking and cycling routes are in the direct area of the property.
the kitchenette is fitted with an oven. a flat-screen tv is provided.
shops and cafes can be found nearby.
situated 200 metres from st. stephen's basilica in budapest, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony with garden views.
all rooms have a fan.
the iconic whitby abbey is 1 mile away and the picturesque quaint village of robin hood’s bay is 10 minutes’ drive from the b&b. york is 45 miles from manor view.
nestled within private gardens, flourishing boutique & spa offers contemporary-style family-owned accommodation in the wat chork area, away from the hustle and bustle of siem reap.
free public parking is possible on site.
parking at the property is free.
copenhagen kastrup airport is 7 km from the property.
almería is 90 km from the cortijillo and cartagena can be reached in just over an hour by car.
the historical centre of le pontet, home place to the château de fargues, is within easy reach.
wi-fi is free here.
visitors are invited to sunbathe in the garden or relax with a drink on the outside terrace.
featuring a spa and a chinese restaurant, it provides business services and free wifi in all areas.
every room includes a flat-screen tv with cable channels and dvd player.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning, offering sweet and savoury food, such as yogurt, cereals, ham, cheese, jam, fruit juice and hot beverages.
certain units include a seating area where you can relax.
surf lessons can be booked and a daily breakfast is included.
there are also apartments available, equipped with kitchens, where you can prepare your own meals.
an outdoor pool and a gym are also available.
situated in the puerto del carmen resort, there are many shops, bars and restaurants within walking distance of bungalows velázquez.
the accommodation is air conditioned and has a seating and dining area.
the hotel’s long bar features a library, billiards and dance floor.
the happy days is a lively and vibrant accommodation, located in the old town of malia, within walking distance to the bars and clubs.
it boasts a spa and wellness centre, indoor pool and on-site restaurant.
the nearest airport is szczecin goleniów airport, 28 km from luksusowy pokój na wałach chrobrego.
passo pordoi pass can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
car rentals and sightseeing arrangements can be done at the tour desk.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a kettle.
they ensure fast connections to key destinations across the city.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a games room.
extras include a desk and bed linen.
each air-conditioned room has impressive views of the mountains, as well as 1 double bed and 1 bathroom with a bath or shower.
some have a balcony.
it specialises in traditional polish cuisine and pizza.
the upper floor features 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
towels and bed linen are available at apartment in la salle-santa cruz.
the shine albayzín design hotel occupies a 16th-century palace on the carrera del darro in granada.
en suite bathrooms have free toiletries and shower facilities.
staff at reception can provide information about what to see and do in lugo.
guests have access to a shared living area and luggage storage is available.
offering free wifi and free private parking on site, b&b alle terme is located in viterbo, 150 metres from terme dei papi thermal baths.
the hotel is located in hennigsdorf, and is a 30-minute drive from berlin city centre.
this guest house has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
hotel isabel is directly in front of playamar beach, 700 metres from central torremolinos.
the hotel is a 25-minute drive from the traditional floating market and a 40-minute drive from the syamsuddin noor airport.
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
the sundhollin bath is 300 metres away.
free on-site parking is provided.
select rooms have a spacious sitting area with a sofa bed.
you can also enjoy a various selection of cocktails and drinks at the on-site café bar which is also fitted with a flat-screen tv with international channels.
all rooms have a microwave, a fridge and a coffee machine.
the apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open terrace.
the beachfront hotel offers private parking and is comfortable located only 200 metres from the bus stop.
at cabañas huimpalay lemu guests will find a private beach area and a tennis court. an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
austrian and international dishes, as well as a wide range of exclusive drinks and cocktails, are served at the barroque.
the hotel has a convenient location close to the airports of nice and cannes.
rooms at altes wasserwerk are individually designed on an industrial theme, and one room has a 4-poster bed.
you can enjoy pool views from the apartment's private patio.
apartment dea & ivana is 7 km from zadar airport.
it is 7 km from beziers train station and 73 km from montpellier-méditerranée airport.
featuring a hairdryer, private bathrooms also come with towels.
some rooms have a private bathroom with free toiletries, the rest rooms have access to a shared bathroom.
located only 200 metres from the main bus and train station, montenegro hostel podgorica provides free parking, free wi-fi and common kitchen and lounge areas.
a private or shared bathroom is featured.
each room features a complimentary wireless internet access and free local calls.
bed linen is provided.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
sugar’s ribs restaurant is located next door.
nine pine cottage is conveniently located just 500 metres from the centre of blackville village, in new brunswick.
guests can enjoy a modern lobby with a choice of plush seating coupled with a library and a dedicated kids corner. there is also a novo2 lounge bar, where live music can be enjoyed.
free private parking is available on site.
located in saint-maurice, le paris-vincennes is 50 metres from bois de vincennes and 8 km from the centre of paris.
the accommodations have amenities such as ceiling fans, cd players and cable tv.
in the evening, treat yourself to a wholesome meal in the hotel restaurant or enjoy a drink in the bar.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer, shower and toiletries.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
offering great transport links, el dorado b&b is 3 stops from the spanish steps and a 20-minute ride from the colosseum.
some amenities of this hotel include free wi-fi, a convenience shop, an outdoor pool, whirlpool, and an on-site fitness center.
a business centre with fax and photocopying services is offered at kayenta wetherill inn.
free parking is possible on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
a continental breakfast is prepared each morning and the restaurant serves traditional cuisine.
due to group policy, hotel may not accept bookings for 10 or more rooms.
guests can also enjoy selections of delectable menus offered from three of the resort's restaurants and bar.
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
there are numerous bars and restaurants in the area.
located a 2-minute walk from the hidirlik tower with panoramic views of the mediterranean sea, this white-washed pension with wooden window frames offer a garden with palm, orange and mulberry trees.
casa da tocha is situated in portimão.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
free shuttle services from the airport and the railway station are provided on request.
offering a terrace, each apartment includes a seating area with a tv, where guests can relax as well as a private bathroom with a bathtub or a shower and a hairdryer.
set in the quiet village of brez in the val di non, casa vacanza iris offers spacious self-catering apartments and patio with parasols and chairs.
gelendzhik airport is within a 5-minute drive, and an airport shuttle is available at surcharge.
kitchen utensils and dishes are also included.
nanshan temple is 33 km from sanya furen theme holiday apartment, while luhuitou park is 4.3 km away.
the centre of capannoli is 5 km away.
a full kitchen and a terrace with bbq facilities are featured in each guest cottage.
the villa capung is a 30-minute drive from ngurah rai international airport, while uluwatu and padang padang are a 5-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is san diego international airport, 7 km from bayside lane at san diego.
bicycle and hiking tours are organised by the owner.
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal.
the property offers free parking.
the shores of lake presseggersee are a 10-minute walk away.
moskovsky train station is 10 km away, and pulkovo international airport is 26 km from the hotel.
the staff of the 24-hour reception is happy to provide you with any information you may need.
rooms at the super 8 hotel grapevine are equipped with hd expanded cable tv and free wi-fi.
some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
a flat-screen cable tv with a dvd player is featured in this sea oats 302 accommodation.
free wifi is available throughout the entire property.
hostal don miguel cartagena de indias is located in cartagena’s historic walled city, 400 meters from the convention center and 250 meters from the torre del reloj.
the arcadia beach is 7 km from the hotel.
lake como is 4 km away.
in summer, the in-house restaurant and bar serves a variety of swedish and international dishes.
many cafés and restaurants are located within a walking distance.
offering an outdoor pool, petra is located in the tuscan village of pieve a nievole.
syktyvkar’s railway station is just a 10-minute walk.
you can enjoy breakfast in the comfort of your apartment with the products provided by the property.
it offers self-catering accommodation with a balcony or patio overlooking the blossomed garden.
a mini market is just 15 metres away, while a few restaurants are available 400 metres away.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
free toiletries, shower facilities and hairdryers are included in the en suite bathrooms.
sea n' rent - shimon hatzadik 6/2 features views of the city and is 1.5 km from independence hall museum.
extras include a desk.
offering panoramic views of calchaqui valley, los ceibos has rooms with garden views and free wi-fi.
bohemia plaza is 150 metres from the property, and cape palos is a 10-minute drive away.
breakfast is available in the cafeteria nearby and you can find many restaurants and bars in the immediate surroundings of the old town charming apartment.
guests can also go jogging along the nearby alster lake or through the planten un blomen park.
free private parking is available on site.
spicy art guesthouse features free wifi throughout the property.
upstairs you will find a large double bedroom with a sofa.
a wide variety of restaurants and cafés are located within a 10-minute walk.
the suite in apartman hotel slamena buda comes with a seating area on the ground floor and a bedroom upstairs.
enjoying a quiet location in the western part of the mieminger plateau, the gästehaus fitsch in weisland-obsteig features its own farm.
breakfast is served each morning in the elegantly furnished breakfast room with wooden floors.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the private bathroom includes a bath or shower.
the renowned beaches of the south-east coast are also within easy reach if you are travelling by car.
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 17 km from the property.
guests are welcome to relax in the shared lounge.
with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv, rooms have modern furniture.
the popular parque dos peões rodeo venue is situated 8 km away.
7days inn dongguan humen huanghe shizhuang branch offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
free private parking is available on site.
the valier restaurant offers genuine regional dishes.
tourist information is available and there is 24-hour reception and free parking nearby.
the property’s terrace overlooks the centre of the village.
it is 20 minutes’ drive from darwin international airport.
the living room comes with a flat-screen tv, and a log fire is available during winter.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels. certain units feature a seating area for your convenience. a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
a satellite tv and fridge are included in all rooms at the pighi.
spoleto is reachable by car in 30 minutes.
it also comes with satellite flat-screen tv, a computer and a washing machine.
a sweet and savoury breakfast including cold cuts and cheese is served daily.
a scheduled shuttle to the airport can be provided.
surrounded by beautiful gardens, the guest house features a rustic décor with exposed wood beams and exposed walls.
the hotel is 5 km from devi’s fall and 8 km from world peace pagoda.
overlooking the nearby sea of galilee, galilee sea view offers a swimming pool with heated water and a terrace with hammocks. it offers air-conditioned chalets that comprise a private furnished patio.
some suites have a large seating area.
some are equipped with a kitchen for the preparation of meals.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
other facilities offered include a tour desk and luggage storage.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
the bed and breakfast is 7.8 km from almkreek golfpark.
fuerteventura airport is 38 km away and puerto del rosario is a 30-minute drive away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and free toiletries.
located in rio de janeiro, 3.7 km from maracanã stadium, graja hostel boasts a sun terrace and views of the mountain.
the kooyambedu (cmbt) bus station is 30 km away.
moroccan dishes made from fresh products are available on request for lunch and dinner. there is also a bar next to the lap pool.
the gallarus lounge and the cocktail bar provide a range of beers, wines and coffees.
belissimo hair & beauty salon is situated opposite the hotel, and guests of the limerick clarion hotel receive a 10% discount.
free private parking is available as well.
the guest house is 1 km from ubud market, 1.5 km from ubud palace and 2.5 km from ubud monkey forest. bali denpasar international airport is 31 km away.
ceria shopping mall is a 10-minute walk from sireh hotel & apartment.
the property has a 24-hour front desk, bbq facilities and an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including diving, fishing and snorkelling as well as many island tours.
the traditional stone village of sonogno and picturesque lavertezzo can be reached by car in 15 minutes.
rooms are tastefully furnished and bright.
an extensive breakfast is served every day at rossroe lodge b&b, including grilled kippers, french toast, and homemade preserves and bread.
grandfather mountain is 18.4 km away.
free wifi access is available.
it features an outdoor pool, children’s pool and free wi-fi.
royal saskatchewan museum is 3 km from coachman inn.
all units are aither 50 metres from the sea or with sea views.
with on-site spa services, a state-of-the-art business centre and a children's club, there is something for everyone.
a guest launderette and around the clock reception are also offered along with 24-hour room service.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
featuring a communal swimming pool and a children playground, casitas boutique alcocebre offers accommodation in alcossebre.
the property features sea and mountain views.
set on 2 floors, the apartment comes with a living/dining area with fireplace and fully equipped kitchen, a flat-screen tv, and a washing machine.
with free wifi and free parking, it comes with a shared garden.
boasting a traditional bavarian restaurant with a beautiful beer garden, this family-run 3-star superior hotel in aldersbach is just a 4-minute walk from the village's historic monastery.
free parking is provided, and airport shuttles can be arranged.
a full english breakfast is served each morning and features yorkshire cured bacon, award-winning sausages and black pudding all cooked on a traditional aga stove.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hostal alameda offers accommodation in santiago, 5 km from costanera center.
the airport in salzburg is 60 km away.
set on 2 levels, this traditional-style townhouse features a garden with outdoor furniture and a living room with tiled flooring, a fireplace and a satellite tv.
guests are welcome to dine in various cafés and restaurants are located within a 10-minute walk of the inn.
the spacious lounge also includes a sofa and satellite tv.
guests can also have exotic cocktails at the bar or on the panoramic rooftop terrace.
a continental breakfast is served every morning.
a hairdryer is provided upon request.
free parking is available on site and the nearest bus stop is 300 metres away, in dobrita village.
guests can benefit from the free private parking provided on site.
all units include a flat-screen tv.
a buffet breakfast is also provided.
all rooms offer splendid garden views.
a common kitchen can be also used by guests.
atlantis hotel & casino is located in capital city paramaribo, within the financial and commercial district.
situated in bogino, usadba 4 seasons offers a barbecue and sauna. free private parking is available on site.
a personal safe and ironing facilities are included.
there is a dj most evenings.
there is an en-suite bathroom with a welcome pack of amenities.
a varied breakfast buffet and homemade cakes are available at the hotel-pension kräutle.
several restaurants and a grocery shop are within a range of 1 km.
the nearest airport is belgrade nikola tesla airport, 14 km from the property.
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
the velilla has a café, where breakfast is served.
twin pine motel is within a 50-minute drive of lake of the ozarks, 160 km east of kansas city, and 240 km west of st. louis.
the surrounding area is a nature reserve where you can find various animals, such as deer and pheasants.
overlooking the tyrrhenian sea, this property features a garden with free bbq facilities.
werdenfelser spa baths and 2 golf courses are located within 15 minutes' drive.
set in an aromatic pine wood, this family-run hotel and restaurant is just 100 metres from the beach at marina di grosseto.
just 50 metres from a sandy beach in porto koufo, corali features a garden with a sun terrace and a children’s playground. it offers studios that open to a balcony with toroneos gulf views.
featuring a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove and kitchenware, these practical apartments boast a bright atmosphere.
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
the apartment will provide you with cable tv and a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator and a dining area. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bathtub or shower.
a bus stop is within 200 metres and the sněžka peak is 7 km away.
complimentary coffee is served in the lobby.
velho monge is situated only 3 km from teresina international airport and 4 km from both river side mall and teresina mall.
after a restful night's sleep in the spacious 2 room suites, start the morning at the downtown seattle homewood suites with a free hot breakfast buffet.
each room at beijing fuhongxin guest house has an electric kettle and a cable tv.
a bus station is 2 km away.
free public parking can be found nearby.
the property also offers free parking.
luxury beds and satellite tv are standard features in each sunlight hotel conference & spa guest room. the spacious rooms also have a seating area.
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
grand place and manneken pis are both within a 5-minute walking distance from happy guesthouse.
the kitchenettes have dishwasher, fridge and kitchenware.
hotel begonias - chiclayo features free wifi throughout the property.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
connecting rooms can be requested.
restaurant menus are changed daily.
each room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath, free toiletries, towels and a hairdryer.
the rooms at this guest house come air conditioned and with a view of the sea. guests will enjoy the typical blue tiles featured throughout.
siena can be reached by car in 20 minutes, while florence is a 1-hour drive away. parking at the property is free.
surrounded by gardens, this hotel has its own buffet restaurant and poolside bar.
parking is free at the hotel.
the unit equipped with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven. a tv is available. there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower, bidet and shower.
villa marianna, 100 metres from tsaki beach and 500 metres from benitses village.
the marshall mall is only one mile away from hampton inn marshall and offers a large variety of shops and eateries.
kärsämäki town centre is a 25-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy a typical italian breakfast, which is served in a communal area or in the guests’ rooms.
28 de julio square is 19 km from acacia condos, while ado international bus station is 20 km from the property.
the hotel is set in a georgian terrace, steeped in history, nestled under the famous white cliffs in the shadow of dover castle with uninterrupted views across the english channel.
guests are welcome to use the computer with free wi-fi in the on-site business center.
each morning, a breakfast buffet is prepared in the hotel beckmann's breakfast room.
free wifi access is available.
looking back on more than 100 years of history, the jakober hof offers brightly furnished, welcoming rooms with en-suite facilities and free wifi.
the ferienwohnung reis’s riverside setting makes it an ideal setting for walks and bike rides along the moselle.
ironing facilities are available upon request.
the restaurant serves gourmet pub cuisine, from finest meats to traditional english food with a mediterranean touch.
overlooking the sea from the balcony, all apartments comprise a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a kitchen and a washing machine.
the classically furnished rooms at hotel garni am hopfenmarkt each feature a tv and private bathroom.
fountain place is set in london, 1 km from o2 academy brixton.
massage treatments are available at an additional fee, whereas bicycle rentals are possible free of charge.
holiday home bjørnøvænget faaborg denm is located in faldsled.
piazza san marco is 1.2 km from fondamenta rio della tana, while rialto bridge is 1.5 km away.
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling.
the en suite bathroom includes shower facility, hairdryer and free toiletries.
you can reserve poolside sun loungers, which is recommended.
overlooking to chau river and duong dong town, river hotel features modern rooms offering panoramic windows with mountain or river views.
conveniently located just 3 miles from burlington international airport, this courtyard offers free airport shuttle.
all rooms are spacious and comprise air conditioning.
this guest house offers free parking and rooms with fridge.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
at villa la estancia you will find a garden and a terrace. other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
massage and cosmetic treatments are available on site.
it includes a double bed, 2 single beds, and a bathroom with shower.
some have their own balcony.
limited number of free parking places is available on site.
manzhouli jiayun apartment is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
guests of villa masoneria can benefit from free, guarded parking on site.
de vine martinborough is located within a 4-minute walk of the martinborough wine village.
the georgian house has a great location, opposite cosmopolitan byres road and just minutes from the university of glasgow.
popular activities in the area include hiking and cycling, and the apartments include free use of mountain bikes, nordic walking sticks and sledges for guests.
norderney ferry harbour is 2.5 km from the accommodation.
the inn can be reached after an hour’s drive from the ngurah rai international airport, followed by a 30-minute speed boat ride from bali’s sanur beach.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
hotel starkenburger hof features an indian restaurant.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
at camping les foulons you will find a garden and a snack bar.
information on day trips and local attractions is available at the tour desk.
wake up to fragrant coffee in the comfortable, spacious rooms.
messogios private apartment is 7 km from the port of limassol. larnaca international airport is at a distance of 71 km.
the bathrooms either shared or private, come with shower and free toiletries.
a fish cleaning house is provided.
london heathrow airport is 23 km away.
relaxing with a body massage is another good recreation choice.
some apartments provide a dishwasher.
the spacious studio comes with a balcony and a kitchenette. it has a seating area and is equipped with a tv and dvd player.
set in the le panier district of marseille only 450 metres from the old port and 650 metres from colbert metro station, this apartment features free wifi.
each room has a balcony, many overlooking the valley and texel mountain group.
residence inn boston woburn is located 12.5 km from burlington, 18.5 km from lexington, 19.1 km from andover and 18.6 km from tewksbury.
a microwave and mini-refrigerator are provided in each room of springhill suites anchorage university lake.
hajdúszoboszló folk house and museum is 500 metres from janet's aparments.
offering city views, each room here will provide you with air conditioning, a safety deposit box and ironing facilities.
a common kitchen is offered, where guests can prepare their meals and barbecue facilities are provided outside.
banje beach is a 10-minute walk away.
galeão international airport is located 18 km away, while santos dumont airport is 10 km away.
a cable tv, telephone and personal fridge are standard features in all of the turkestan’s simply furnished rooms.
offering free wifi and a garden, sanya chenfeng sea view hotel apartment is situated in sanya, 5 km from duty free shop.
opening to a balcony, all studios and 2-bedroom apartments of angelo come with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. each has a kitchenette with dining table and mini oven with cooking hobs.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
the bar-café serves drinks and snacks.
private parking is free at the b&b.
bike rental is also available.
each room at this inn is air conditioned and features a tv with cable channels.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
there is a multitude of restaurants, cafés and bars in the vicinity, for example u balbínů restaurant is 20 metres from the apartment and café colore is 25 metres away.
guests can relax in the nearby grugapark botanical gardens.
located in lubuskie lake district, in a small town of ośno lubuskie, pensjonat afrodyta spa offers comfortable rooms with satellite tv and free wi-fi.
ooty - fern hill; a sterling holidays resort is 4 km from ooty town and ooty railway and bus station.
with free wi-fi and satellite flat-screen tv, the air-conditioned rooms include a seating area, a minibar and an electric kettle.
candia also includes 2 bars and a traditional greek coffee house.
monopoli is 9 km from the property.
this romantic getaway in santorini is conveniently located in firostefani, less than 1 km from the island’s capital of fira and 15 minutes from the port and the airport.
in the area surrounding apartments kaja guests will find a couple of restaurants and cafes.
the nearest airport is verona airport, 8 km from the property.
located just 2 minutes' walk from kamaole beach iii, kamaole sands unit 3-305 by pmi maui offers access to a pool area with 2 hot tubs, children's wading pool, and a large swimming pool.
chhatrapati shivaji international mumbai airport is 29.6 km away.
lake vouglans is only 15 km away.
a coffee maker and minibar are also provided.
you will find a kettle in the room. every room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
located only 200 metres from iconic blue mosque, sefa hotel is right at the heart of the historical sultanahmet area.
guests can make use of free wifi access and free bikes.
vernazza is one of the stunning cinque terre villages, all reachable via boat or train.
bishkek train station is 1 km from kg apartments, and the distance to manas international airport is 29 km.
the nearest beach is 1 km from the pansion valbruna.
a seasonal restaurant and lounge offer on-site dining and drink options.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the airport is just a 10-minute drive away.
other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood-burning stove.
the nearest airport is thiruvananthapuram international airport, 37 km from the property.
featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
the moonlight bar with rooftop terrace features wonderful views of kalkan marina.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment on kommunisticheskaya.
located in a green area of buda, gold hotel apartments offers free wi-fi and kitchen facilities along with private balconies.
free wifi access is available in this country house.
extras include a desk, bed linen and cleaning products.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
la locanda del prete is a country house surrounded by the umbrian countryside, in the medieval village of saragano gualdo cattaneo, it features an outdoor pool overlooking the landscape.
guests at hotel forrás can relax in a garden or on a terrace. they can make use of billiards or enjoy massages for and additional fee.
the alpi apuane nature protection area can be reached in 10 minutes by car.
shops and restaurants can also be found within 1.3 km.
a bus stop with links to monselice and padua is just opposite the property.
the restaurant is open only to hotel guests and serves dishes prepared with local produce.
other facilities include a tour desk, bicycle rental and free wi-fi, which is available throughout the property.
a tv is offered.
in summer months, drinks and meals are served in the hotel's beer garden.
free private parking is available on site.
it offers an outdoor pool as well as a tennis court.
the complex has a café-bar and a concierge service.
the poolside seasonal bar serves freshly squeezed juices and light meals on the elegant terrace.
the almirante enjoys a privileged location along this beautiful harbour so you can gaze at views form the dining room over the water and the green hills beyond.
one of the apartments comes with a full kitchenette, equipped with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
in fine weather, it can be enjoyed in the garden.
located at jungut batu beach, mega cottage features bungalows with private terraces overlooking the bali sea.
surrounded by meadows and mountains, apartment gasura offers amenities like cable tv and a terrace.
the property also features a washing machine.
the grounds feature a subtropical swimming pool plus leisure facilities.
the rooms of the restaurant waldesruh feature satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower.
rooms have either a partial sea view or a city view.
silvio pettirossi airport is 7 km away.
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub.
funchal city is 9 km from vivenda belo horizonte and madeira airport is 11 km away.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartments katica.
diklo beach offers various sports facilities.
guests of the alain llorca can enjoy visits to the village of saint paul de vence and the beaches west of nice.
guests can work out or relax in the health club above the hotel for just gbp 5 per person.
pag lace gallery and a number of cultural sights are nearby, same as restaurants and bars.
holiday home kystagervej odder ix is located in odder. the property can accommodate up to six guests.
the city of hereford, which lies on the river wye, is a 10-minute drive away, and cheltenham, with its famous racecourse, is 45 miles from the property.
rooms will have either a shared or private bathroom.
ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing.
the air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a full kitchen, which includes a microwave, refrigerator, stove, oven and kitchenware.
the hotel can provide free transfers to the horse riding club, and pulkovo airport is a 50-minute drive away.
bar is 28 km away. tivat airport is 28 km from the property.
the yellow bird is located in port antonio, only 250 metres from east harbour and 14 km from boston beach.
donnery golf club is a 15-minute drive from the property.
a spacious area with tables and chairs, satellite tv and a billiard table are featured at the snack bar.
a mini-market with groceries that guests need is also provided.
vince's house is located in rome and it consists of an apartment with private balcony.
located in the old part of tbilisi city with easy access to nearby sightseeings, museum hotel orbeliani is a boutique hotel which features a unique architecture, restaurant, bar and free wifi throughout the property. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
the restaurant of hotel pamukkale serves open buffet breakfast and lunch.
a variety of regional delicacies is served at the à la carte and buffet restaurant.
each is provided with a sofa, a work desk, and an en suite bathroom.
guests can also enjoy the dominion hotel minden’s pub, which sometimes features live entertainment.
you can enjoy a sweet italian-style breakfast daily consisting of a croissant and coffee.
the private bathroom includes a bath or shower and free toiletries and hairdryer.
all rooms have bright colour schemes and views of the surrounding countryside.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the resort also provides bicycle rentals, laundry services and airport pick-up services at an extra charge.
featuring exposed wooden beams and stone walls, these apartments have a seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and a dishwasher. a washing machine is also available.
the property is located a 10-minute drive from venice, while venice marco polo airport is 10 km away.
a private bathroom offers a shower.
free private parking is available on site.
located a 5-minute drive away from the centre of natal, porto mirim is situated 6 km from park of the dunes which has trails for hiking.
each room features air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a telephone.
miami international airport is 21 km away.
each has a kitchen equipped with a hob, washing machine, and microwave.
shared bathrooms can be found in the hallway, and bed sheets and towels are provided free of charge.
the guest house provides free private parking.
western washington university is 11 miles from this bed and breakfast.
the private bathroom includes a bath tub or shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
kartaltepe boutique hotel is located on a hillside overlooking saraycik village.
it also offers a private ski lift.
hevoskievari staff can arrange horseback riding lessons and excursions, as well as organise massage treatments, canoe trips and shuttle services.
offering a view of sept-îles bay in sept-îles, québec, hôtel le voyageur features an on-site bar and guest rooms with a private entrance and mini-bar.
the air-conditioned rooms at the holiday inn express bremen airport include tea/coffee facilities, satellite tv and a private bathroom.
a tv is featured.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling, fishing and hiking.
hotel l'approdo is located in sunny leuca, where the adriatic and the ionian seas meet.
room service is available.
the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub with shower function.
both a grocery shop and a restaurant are a 2-minute walk away.
this air-conditioned apartment provides a patio and a flat-screen tv.
the nearest airport is kuching airport, 27 km from guesthouse selang.
the village of vartholomio is 7 km away. the port of kyllini connecting to the island of zakynthos is 15 km away.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
rougemont train station is just a 5-minute walk away.gstaad and chateau d`œx can be reached by car in 10 minutes.
set 1.9 km from opera and ballet theatre in ufa, this apartment features free wifi.
low-cost rooms are offered in this hotel, and each one includes a flat-screen tv and free wifi access.
the centre city of ghent is 15 km away from de meetjes.
the famous parisian cabarets are located a 10-minute walk away.
guests can enjoy mediterranean cuisine and locally produced wine, including the elbing, germany's oldest variety.
this hotel is idyllically situated right on the river main, and has a large and inviting chestnut tree garden as well as a sunny breakfast terrace.
guests can relax with a snorkeling and diving trip.
the woodlands bistro offers an innovative menu, which changes daily to reflect the finest, freshest seasonal produce available locally.
guests are offered accommodation with a flat-screen tv.
there is a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
parque do ingá park is 2 km from hotel cidade verde.
you can also reserve dinner at the nearby l'illustre restaurant at a discounted price.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive from carrasco international airport.
they all feature a tv and a private external bathroom with hairdryer.
breakfast , snacks and ice creams are served at the property's bar.
the apartments offer a laundry service and there is also parking available nearby, both of which carry a surcharge.
featuring free wifi, guesthouse ashvale road offers accommodation in london, 5 km from battersea.
the property offers spacious apartments with a fully equipped kitchen, air conditioning, and free wi-fi.
enjoy the good food in the hotel’s restaurant, and make use of the free internet connection via modem in the guest rooms.
the property has a garden with a terrace, washing machine, and it also offers private parking.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
bungalows offer garden views and are equipped with a mosquito net and seating area.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and olympic-size tennis court, vateri offers guests a variety of farm-related activities. surrounded by gardens, olive trees, vines and orchards, the stone-built property enjoys a view to the evian gulf.
hotel alpha-océan is a 30-minute walk from the historic city centre and 10 minutes from the thermes marins spa.
guests can go for shopping at al faisaliah mall which is 2 km away from carawan al fahad hotel.
tribhuvan airport is located 12.1 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
it offers a great location, and the spanish steps are just a 5-minute walk away.
free wi-fi access is available.
vilafranca del penedès is 15 minutes’ drive from hostal cal manescal.
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the shops, restaurants and cafés of central reykjavik are within a 5-minute walk.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, electric kettle and kitchenware.
cross-country ski runs, hiking and mountain bike trails start right outside.
the hotel is 100 metres from djemaa el fna, 100 metres from marrakech medina and 200 metres from souk of the medina.
hotel arches operates a 24-hour front desk to assist the guests in currency exchange, library and laundry.
the bank of the don river is a 10-minute walk away.
begin the day at the staybridge suites chicago-oakbrook terrace by preparing a home cooked meal in fully equipped kitchens, furnished with an oven, a microwave and dishware.
there is an open plan kitchen with a microwave and a coffee machine.
select rooms have a private balcony.
all air-conditioned rooms at the st.
a wide range of shops and restaurants are within 10 minutes’ walking distance of this premier inn birmingham city centre (new street).
rooms at the flamboyant are spacious and elegantly decorated, using the colours of the sea and the african wood as inspiration.
a 6-minute walk from shijicheng station (line 1), the chengdu haohao hotel offers accommodation with free wifi.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, apartments garni villa genziana offers pet-friendly accommodation in santa cristina in val gardena, 1 km from 15 monte pana 1667m.
the third level features the master bedroom with a queen bed and an en suite bathroom. there is also a roof top deck available on the 3rd floor.
the giant's causeway lies 90 km from the accommodation and dublin is located 180 km away.
a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
the property offers free parking.
all rooms include a private bathroom with a shower.
overlooking caroline bay, pleasant view bed & breakfast is a 5-minute drive from highfield golf course.
all suites include a microwave, kettle and refrigerator.
some of the apartments are decorated with 20th century antique furniture and classical lithuanian art.
gågata shopping street is 2 minutes' walk away.
the property has water sports facilities and car hire is available.
the bathrooms offer a bath.
the modern refurbishment has made the most of the wonderful views on offer with spacious terraces and large windows overlooking the countryside and city of antequera.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and cycling.
the property offers free parking.
the vibrant centre of cesme is 9 km from the property.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
pusho's guest house features free wifi throughout the property.
set in odessa, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
located just 2 km from nicco park, heaven place offers comfortable accommodation in kolkata. free wifi access is available.
city life b&b is located in jian, hualien, only a 3-minute drive from hualien railway station.
free wifi access is available in public areas.
featuring a seasonal outdoor pool, this hotel is 40 minutes’ drive from fremont indian state park and museum.
at bed en brood op de boerderij you will find a bar and other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
the nearest airport is salgado filho airport, 73 km from the property.
essaouira mogador airport is 15 km away.
the hotel also offers laundry facilities, car rental, and a currency exchange.
hotel saharin serves japanese cuisine for breakfast and dinner made from local produce and seafood in the dining area.
guests can enjoy hot and cold drinks in the lobby bar.
you will find ticket service at the property.
the nearest grocery shop and a bakery are only 100 meters away.
the scenic kallithea springs can be reached within 5 km.
a hot breakfast is served every morning.
free private parking is available on site.
zermatt pension also includes a terrace.
gluten-free options are available upon request.
bars, shops and restaurants are found in the surroundings.
a bus with links to the centre of pisa stops 500 metres away.
le clos des monts proposes a guest room and a self-catering 2-bedroom apartment with free wi-fi internet access.
museo correale is 500 metres from casa giada, while piazza lauro is 300 metres from the property.
a generous breakfast is available until 09:30 and includes homemade pastries, donuts and muffins.
all tents feature a private en suite bathroom with solar-heated hot water.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
situated right next to the aker brygge shopping and entertainment area in oslo, thon hotel vika atrium offers free wi-fi and rooms with flat-screen cable tvs.
a fully-equipped kitchen and breakfast area are also provided.
children can enjoy themselves in the play area, featuring a ball pit, playstation and wii.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and windsurfing.
each room at this guest house is air-conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
free private parking is available on site.
many rooms have a balcony.
set within the historic core of zadar, just steps away from the seaside promenade, apartment house of peace offers air conditioning and free wifi access.
haus niedersachsen’s apartments feature wooden or tiled flooring. each apartment has a living room with satellite tv and stereo.
shower facilities are available in the private bathroom.
there is also a tour desk and bike rentals.
sanya shan hu hai apartment ninghai huayuan branch offers delicately furnished guestrooms and free in-room wifi.
the terrace restaurant with pool views is also another option.
it offers designer suites with free wifi, an ipod docking station and lcd tv.
san carlo theatre is 1 km from casa vacanze nicla, while san gregorio armeno is 1 km from the property.
i granani restaurant serves revisited recipes of puglia.
there is a full kitchen, with a microwave and an oven, and a private bathroom with a shower.
the hotel is located 15 km from the ile de ré, la rochelle train station is 500 metres away, and there is a tennis court 5 km from the property.
free wifi access is available in public areas.
baia sant’anna is a 6-minute drive from tanaunella appartamenti, while olbia is 40 km away.
accommodation is simple and rustic, with many rooms offering pretty views of the mountains.
white house is set on a hill, overlooking the atlantic ocean and fanore beach.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
the temple of literature, dong xuan market and the vietnamese fine art museum are a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
the hotel also provides scheduled shuttle services to tsim sha tsui, at an extra charge.
you will find plenty of restaurants, shops and bars in the surroundings.
free on-site parking is provided.
hostal goya has a lounge with a computer which has internet access, as well as free tea and coffee making facilities.
parking is free at the property.
for convenience, a business centre is provided.
jiangbei international airport is about 20 minutes' drive away.
guests can access the slopes directly from villa becker.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings.
there is a dining area and a kitchen.
guest laundry services are available on site.
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub.
the apartment is composed of a kitchen and living area with sofa bed.
cable tv is provided in all rooms at the north lake estates rv resort.
operating a 24-hour front desk, paris hotel is situated conveniently within 500 metres to the famous da lat market and ho xuan huong lake.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning, a minibar and a seating area.
the nearest airport is san javier airport, 14 km from la manga apartment capri, and san pedro del pinatar is 8 km away.
this elegant hotel is found directly opposite vaasa train station.
a public computer station with printing services is available, as well as laundry facilities.
hotel marlon is 600 metres from the plaza de la bandera square and 1 km from the belize dock.
there is a ski pass sales point and ski equipment can be rented on site.
each air-conditioned room at motel 6 chino- los angeles area features an en suite bathroom.
plaza catalunya square and ramblas can be reached in 10 minutes’ walk and casa batlló house and museum is 500 metres away.
each room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
just 8 minutes’ walk from lompoc wine ghetto, this hotel features an outdoor pool and hot tub.
the fully-equipped kitchen has a dining area, microwave, refrigerator, stove and oven.
an italian breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks and croissants.
located 4 km away from bukovel ski slope, this hotel serves a daily breakfast featuring european and ukrainian cuisine and has a bar and restaurant on-site.
additional facilities include a dining area.
a microwave oven, electric kettle and fridge are standard in all rooms.
moskovskytrain station is 16 km away, and pulkovo international airport is 7.5 km from apartment on moscovskoye shosse.
it features an on-site restaurant, barbecue facilities and rooms with free wired internet.
regular rooms are also equipped with a lamp, desk, sitting area and a fan.
sebilj fountain is 4.1 km from best of sarajevo paromlinska.
located in the village of wängle in tyrol’s lech valley, haus müller offers a free bicycle and toboggan hire for children and adults.
guests can relax in sauna and small indoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities are available.
the living room has a spacious seating area with a sofa bed.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the en suite bathroom has a bath, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
each comes with an electric kettle, a desk and a table, as well as a hairdryer.
the bathroom has a shower and it comes with hairdryer.
offering a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities, la maison du soleil is located in brussels.
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is provided daily and includes cheese, cold cuts, and coffee.
surfside vanuatu is 15 minutes’ drive from port vila and 20 minutes’ drive from bauerfield international airport.
at windhaven hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
outdoor parking is free and subject to availability, while a garage is available at extra charge and should be booked in advance.
located on the trans-canada highway, this motel is 19 km from downtown sudbury.
the property is 5.8 km from lomnicky peak and 10.6 km from gerlach peak.
it features free wi-fi, 3 outdoor pools and free shuttles to ancol and mangga dua.
philadelphia museum of art is 6 minutes’ drive.
visitors can relax with a free newspaper or play table tennis, while children enjoy the on-site playground.
located in bozcaada, risus otel has a terrace overlooking the sea and historic bozcaada castle.
guests enjoy free wi-fi, private parking, and bikes can be rented at reception.
the property offers free parking.
towels and bed linen are provided.
dubrovnik airport is located 9 km away.
the on-site restaurant serves traditional bulgarian dishes. the closest grocery store lies 50 metres from the building.
almirante marco andrés zar airport is 53 km away.
at madhu resort you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
it takes only 4 minutes to walk from fortress hill mtr station.
fitted with a shower, the bathroom in each room also includes a shower and free toiletries.
set in the historical centre of arezzo, la corte offers classic-style rooms with city views.
the hosts are always around to provide you with information about the island.
the hotel is set in an historic building with a modern interior design.
located 500 metres from the vatican museums, in rome, er sampietrino de roma sparita features self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
only 200 metres from independencia square, bed for wine hostel offers rooms with free wi-fi in central mendoza.
the property also offers discounted price for some tours on the islands near krk.
decorated in neutral colours, all rooms at coral gables guesthouse come with a tv set and ironing facilities.
the guest rooms at beit al wali hotel are elegantly decorated with antique furniture and hand-crafted wooden ceilings.
enjoying a convenient location, my lan hotel is just 2 km from various attractions such as hoan kiem lake, ngoc son temple and ba dinh square.
the stylish open plan kitchen features tile flooring, an eletric stovetop and dining table.
many activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings including cycling, hiking and skiing.
the nursery is equipped with baby bottles, bottle warmers, sterilizers, cots, high chairs and diapers.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
the property is a 5-minute walk away from the main bus station and the ferry port which offers connections to several dalmatian islands.
free wifi access is available in public areas.
the valley of the temples is 6 km from the property.
national stadium is located a 40-minute drive away.
bergamo is 38 km from the property.
guests can enjoy an authentic japanese lunch and dinner at the restaurant bisaibishoku ozu.
tri-valley inn & suites include a microwave and refrigerator.
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
the property offers massages, beauty treatments and a hairdresser.
the double room comes with a tv, electric kettle, and refrigerator.
popular cheonjiyeon waterfall is an 8-minute drive away.
each room includes a satellite flat-screen tv, fan and wardrobe.
guests can enjoy dining in a casual yet elegant setting at ’t schoutenhuys restaurant. it serves small tasting dishes which have been inspired by fresh local ingredients.
shuttle services are available at an extra charge.
a 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to hartville’s comfort suites, which boasts meeting and banquet facilities. other amenities offered at the hotel include an on-site convenience store and laundry facilities.
nearby there is a restaurant (500m) and a shopping area (500m).
simply furnished rooms have wooden floors and a daily breakfast and 4-course dinner is provided.
facilities include free wi-fi access, air conditioning and a minibar.
all rooms have a private bathroom with shower and a seating area.
the zoo is 1 km away. ba sohotel is 31 km from ezeiza international airport.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing.
the property can arrange transfer to/from the airports of florence, bologna, milan and rome.
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
luggage storage, valet parking service and a currency exchange service is also available at fer hotel.
sant’agata cathedral is 15 minutes away on foot.
a basketball and football court are located in the vicinity.
the air-conditioned rooms at renaissance doha city center hotel feature a modern décor.
set less than a 10-minute walk from darsena metro stop in genoa, appartamento in genova centro offers apartments with classic décor and free wifi.
other facilities like grocery deliveries, dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered.
it features 3 bedrooms, a fully-equipped kitchen and a private garden.
suvarnabhumi international airport is a 32 km drive away.
accommodation at leo apartments is bright, and all studios and apartments have a private terrace.
free private parking is available on site.
breakfast is a generous buffet.
wanaka selection - apartments on upton features secure ski or snowboarding storage facilities and free parking.
free private parking as well as motorbike and bicycle storage are available on site.
breakfast is served every morning at the spacious dining room, where you can enjoy home-made meals in the afternoon.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling and cycling.
situated only a 3-minute walk from jungceylon department store and nightlife entertainment on bangla road, rcb hotel features rooms with free internet access and flat-screen tvs. a spa and a rooftop pool are available.
rooms at hotel park hirosaki feature a simple yet comfortable setting.
the zell am see-kaprun ski lift is a 7-minute drive away from the property.
the 2-story inn offers guests 53 comfortable and spacious rooms.
the holiday home fjordparken hadsund vi is located in hadsund, and can accommodate up to 8 persons.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
a 24-hour reception is offered at chino hills hotel california.
burrowing owl estate winery is 15 minutes’ drive away.
megaplaza shopping mall is 1.5 km away.
florres provides bright and elegant rooms.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room at hotel carofftel-gobelins.
rooms at the slimiza suites all come with a flat-screen tv, safe and electric kettle.
the property offers free parking.
in bagnères-de-bigorre, gîte la vialette is a self-catering cottage sitting in a 4500 m2 property with terrace, garden and bbq facilities. free private parking is possible on site.
towels and bed linen are available in this villa.
guests can enjoy hong kong’s skyline from the 3 infinity spa pools.
with practical fittings, they also include air conditioning or a minibar.
all rooms are en suite, with a shower or bath, hairdryer and toiletries.
a buffet breakfast in the evoo restaurant, while à la carte breakfast is served on the 20th floor of extra lounge restaurant.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a seating area.
only 2 blocks from salta’s bus terminal and 1 block from the cable car to san bernardo hill, the hotel offers practical rooms with free wi-fi.
bursins village bus stop is 280 metres from the le rosey, whilst lake geneva is 3.6 km away and nyon can be reached within 10 km.
faro international airport is 18 km away and quarteira is a 16-minute drive away.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
the wellness centre includes a sauna, hot tub and turkish bath.
free private parking is available on site.
private 24-hour parking is possible at 30 metres and charges are applicable.
the nearest airport is sao paulo/congonhas airport, 14 km from the property.
offering impressive views over the atlantic ocean and the orotava valley, vistamar is located in santa ursula.
decorated in neutral colors and fitted with wood floors, the 3-bedroom apartment will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv, seating area with a sofa, wardrobe, washing machine and private bathroom with a hairdryer.
a range of local dining outlets can be reached within walking distance.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 15 km from modern and comfortable apartment-studio.
all rooms at the polo nautico hotel are air-conditioned and offer free wi-fi.
extras include bed linen. a daily breakfast is included.
each includes a flat-screen plasma tv and facilities for making tea and coffee.
guests at family inn bird-in-hand can dine at the bird-in-hand family restaurant and smorgasbord.
certain units feature views of the garden or city.
free private parking is available at the hotel.
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area. featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
ławica airport is 7 km from the property.
located in central ao nang, irest ao nang seafront is surrounded by the andaman sea and beautiful mountains.
select rooms also offer a sofa bed.
star hotel is popular with business guests and trade fair visitors, as well as leisure travellers on a city break to frankfurt.
it takes 40 minutes to drive to phuket international airport.
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
quietly located on the outskirts of the city, this self-catering apartment is just 7.5 km from essen exhibition centre. it offers spacious accommodation with a private balcony.
this gorgeous villa features 4 bedrooms, each with its own private bathroom. it is equipped with a professional-style kitchen, a seating area and a private patio with loungers.
marta apartments is located just 2 minutes' drive from seget donji and 7 minutes' drive from seget vranjica.
barbecue facilities are also available on site.
located in lanciano, l'attico nel borgo overlooks the surrounding tuscan countryside.
a children’s playground is available.
at garden place you will find a garden and a terrace. an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
the comfortable rooms feature individual décor, free wifi and an outdoor area.
the nearest airport is sheremetyevo international airport, 42 km from guest house houseistra.
a free transfer to cheget slopes is provided at volfram hotel, and the elbrus mountain is 2 km away.
the 24-hour front desk at ligaries can arrange car rental to explore the scenic town and port of ermoupolis, at 9 km.
both pecs and mocacs are 25 km away.
lisbon apartment is located in the chic pedestrian portas de santo antão street on which guests will find the politeama theatre and the recreios coliseum. further down the street guests will get to the emblematic rossio square and the baixa pombalina.
agrielia consists of 4 separate bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a living room.
situated 1.4 km from parc des princes in paris, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from patio.
set on an organic farm, this eco-friendly property is just 150 metres from a beach along lake storsjön and 13 km from östersund.
decorated with tiled floors and modern furnishing, air conditioned rooms at hotel laja real feature minibars.
featuring warm colours, dark wood or iron beds and rustic details, all rooms at the lousios guesthouse have a flat-screen satellite tv.
pedele river, allowing for a nice swim in the summer, is 1.4 km away.
at venicia tower hotel you will find a buffet restaurant.
some come with a living area and a washing machine.
its modern rooms come with personal computers, free wi-fi and bathrooms with a steam sauna.
massages can be arranged for a fee.
waterford golf club is 2.5 miles away.
each room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
it has a seating area with flat-screen tv and a kitchen with dining area and oven with cooking hobs.
all units feature a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and kettle are also available.
the in-house restaurant serves indian, chinese and continental dishes.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
there are concerts organised at the nearby music academy which guests may attend free of charge.
limassol marina is 6 km from christina apartment.
all rooms are uniquely decorated and feature a flat-screen tv, seating area and wardrobe, while some boast views of the mountains or countryside.
la colina apartment complex also comes with an outdoor swimming pool - the perfect place to unwind with a good book while the children play and swim within sight.
room service is provided.
rooms include a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
all of them have fully equipped kitchens and full bathrooms.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
a bathroom with a bath and free toiletries come standard.
the guest house is 5.4 km from golfe de ponte de lima.
roy villa beach hotel is 20 metres from bentota beach and 35 km from ratmalana airport.
each apartment has a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette, a washing machine and satellite tv.
cyclists will enjoy the hotel's special itineraries.
residence laluvia offers bed and breakfast accommodation with a private terrace with teak furniture.
michigan stadium and crisler arena are less than 10 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
the informative staff from the travel desk is able to assist with tours to parque nacional do iguaçu, where guests can visit the spectacular waterfalls or take part in rafting and ecological tours.
all of the soundproofed rooms have satellite tv and a work desk, and include facilities for making hot drinks.
abc accommodation is conveniently situated across from southern cross station.
the owners will happily prepare a traditional home cooked meal or inform the guests about all major sites and places worth visiting in the region.
apartments vitaly gut on zoopark is 4 km from kaliningrad pass yuzhnyy train station and 23 km from khrabrovo airport.
apartamento montecala v - pc071 offers accommodation in benitachell, 31 km from benidorm. apartamento montecala v - pc071 features views of the mountain and is 42 km from gandía.
the unit is 1.9 km from rustaveli theatre.
the rural location of the town also makes it ideal for hiking and cycling adventures in the surrounding countryside.
a flat-screen cable tv is included in each contemporary guest room at holiday inn lethbridge. a microwave, refrigerator, and coffee-making facilities are provided.
some of the units offer a sea view.
certain units have views of the river or city.
bars and cafes can be found along the malecón promenade.
the spa area at the taxerhof hotel includes an indoor pool, a sauna and relaxation room with panoramic views.
the rooms offer air conditioning, a fridge, electric kettle and flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
holiday home rugmarken sjølund ix is located in sønder bjert along denmark's fascinating countryside.
rooms at the family-run almrausch have carpeted floors and wooden furnishings.
set on a hill and surrounded by olive groves, b&b villa ghiselli offers beautiful views of bassano del grappa 5 km away.
located opposite manly cove beach, manly harborview apartment boasts sea views and free wifi.
guests can enjoy a meal in the restaurant, which opens onto a terrace.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven, where guests can prepare home-cooked meals.
all rooms have countryside views.
the property offers accommodation in wooden houses which share bathroom facilities and access to a common kitchen, and in apartments, which have their own private bathrooms and kitchenettes.
free private parking is available on site.
prudentópolis waterfall is 70 km from fazenda virá.
the stylish lounge bar features mood lighting and a wide range of drinks.
santiago de campostela train station is 1 km from the guest house.
at yijing holiday hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
this homestay is 15 km from saïss airport.
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
the daily breakfast buffet includes many regional products.
at giant rock resort you will find a garden and bbq facilities.
berliner hof is a 1-minute walk from trams and a 3-minute walk from oberbilker markt underground station.
free public parking is available nearby.
falcon hotel is a 20-minute drive from the edge of the beautiful brecon beacons.
this 3-star-superior hotel offers free wifi and a 24-hour bar. it is 3 minutes from the a4 motorway and 10 minutes from central dresden and dresden airport.
guests can either cook at their kitchen or explore the local restaurants, located within 100 metres.
praia mole beach is located 1.6 km away whilst joaquina beach is within 2 km.
it offers apartments with terraces or loggias, a seasonal outdoor pool and free wi-fi access.
the apartments also feature a kitchen or kitchenette.
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
all guests receive free sky cinema and sky sports (showing german and european matches).
scheffer's hotel offers up-to-date wellness facilities, including an indoor pool, a sauna, and a steam bath.
the village of loutra is 5 km away, while the town of mytilene is at 13 km.
guests enjoy garden view from the room.
the apartment offers a separate bedroom and a balcony with garden view. the living room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels and views over the city's square.
breakfast consists of sweet and savoury products, served together with hot drinks.
laugharne is 18.2 miles away from the property.
the republic square is 150 metres from the hotel.
featuring a garden with bbq facilities and playground, green house offers country-style accommodation in the pollino national park.
the elegant rooms at grand hotel des bains feature cable tv, a safe, and a bathroom with bathrobes and hairdryer.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
hanoi golden charm hotel is a 45-minute drive from noi bai international airport and a 5-minute walk to dong xuan market.
the property offers free parking.
a spa bath is available in some rooms.
this boutique oceanfront property boasts 3 terraces with fire pits and ocean views.
bus stop is 100 metres from the property and the nearest restaurant is 1.5 km away.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
each room is fitted with a minibar and safety deposit box.
all units have a satellite flat-screen tv.
it is 22 km from delhi domestic airport and 26 km from igi international airport.
szczecin goleniów airport can be reached in a 45-minute drive.
arrangements can also be made for a day trip at the tour desk.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
the modern thai-style villa is fitted with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and both a cd and dvd player.
the nearest airport is falcone-borsellino airport, 17 km from the property.
there are also kayaking or fishing facilities in the river wye and cycling is possible through the golden valley.
during mild weather, lunch is served in a wide veranda that opens onto the pine wood.
shuttle service is provided.
kaliningrad is 28 km from eliza inn. the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport, 25 km from elisa inn.
they can assist with laundry requests, car rental and airport pick-up arrangements.
most rooms have private balconies.
all rooms and bathrooms are equipped with modern conveniences and shower cabins with water massage.
the o2 is 3.9 miles away.
the guest house also offers car hire.
evening entertainment is provided at the club hotel, and a kids’ club is available for younger guests.
it offers en suite rooms, most of which boast sea views. all feature a tv and tea and coffee making facilities.
a buffet breakfast is provided in the morning.
a fitness and business centre are offered to guests. a seasonal outdoor pool and a hot tub are also available.
an organic breakfast is served everyday in the comfort of your own guest rooms from 08:00 to 12:00 and includes local produce.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with a fridge.
a buffet breakfast with regional jams is served daily and guests can enjoy drinks at the bar and á la carte dishes at the on-site restaurant.
set 1.8 km from kazan arena in kazan, this apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 2.4 km from soyembika tower.
an airport transfer service, shared lounge, and tour desk are provided for added convenience.
it includes a satellite flat-screen tv and washing machine.
waikīkī shell is 300 metres from tower 1 suite 1803 at waikiki, while kuhio beach torch lighting & hula ceremony is 600 metres from the property.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
the helpful staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist guests with travel information and suggestions on the must-see attractions.
rooms at b&b caramel have views of the garden and comprise a kitchenette and a seating area with flat-screen cable tv. they all include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
free parking is available for guests.
the austrian border is 2.5 km away.
free wifi is available in all rooms and free parking space is offered around the site.
you can enjoy mountain views from the room.
bus stop amstelplein is 500 metres away and offers direct links to amsterdam central station, leidse square and amstelveen.
wi-fi is free.
located in caviahue, this property offers free breakfast, karaoke nights and dinner shows.
the property is 10 km from porto seguro centre and its bus station.
hamamatsu castle and hamamatsu park are a 5-minute drive from the property.
located in concón, just 500 metres from the beach, arena mar apartment offers an outdoor and an indoor pool.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
ceasars creek lake state park is 11 miles away.
wholesale market (pratunam) is 2.7 km from bb garden resort.
offering an indoor pool, a hot tub and a sauna, holiday inn hotel & suites st.catharines-niagara is located in saint catharines.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
guests can find a variety of restaurants and cafés nearby.
skruzdynes apartamentai is a self-catering accommodation located in nida and offering a view of the curonian lagoon. free wifi access is available.
each room here will provide you with a cable tv, air conditioning and a sofa seating area.
times square is 600 metres from pod times square, while jacob k. javits convention center is 800 metres away.
a 4-minute walk from paignton’s seafront and pier, belle dene guest house offers high-quality bed and breakfast accommodation on the south devon coast.
offering 3 outdoor swimming pools, a fitness centre, and free wifi access, naples grande beach resort is located on 23 waterfront acres of florida's paradise coast in naples, florida.
they have an interactive tv and a safe for laptops. they also have a minibar and air conditioning.
featuring a hot-water shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
the hotel’s bar offers drinks and refreshments.
this guesthouse is located in the heart of reykjavik, just around the corner from the bustling laugavegur shopping street.
guests enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning, served buffet-style in a communal living room.
this hotel in kaiserslautern offers free parking and stylish rooms with free wi-fi access available throughout.
all guest rooms at the residence inn gaithersburg washington center come with separate living and dining areas.
the ancient phoenician ruins of the byblos castle and citadel is 2.5 km away by car.
guests will find an indoor swimming pool and a sauna.
aqualand torremolinos is 1.6 km from apartamentos las palomas beach, while crocodile park is 1.6 km away.
offering a restaurant and a private beach area, akmendvaris is located in daugirdishkyay.
free private parking is possible on site.
bad wörishofen train station is 450 metres from the hotel, while the a96 motorway is a 5-minute drive away.
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher and an oven.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a writing desk and a sofa.
open for all-day dining, the siam restaurant serves thai and european specialities.
decorated with parquet floors and large windows, rooms at buenos aires city apartments are fitted with air conditioning and heating.
free wi-fi is included.
free private parking is possible on site.
some accommodation types also come with a kitchenette.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out petbuncha thai boxing stadium (2.5 km) and ark bar (1.8 km). this resort is 2 km from samui airport.
this environmentally-friendly hotel is positioned in the uptown district of houston, and less than 1 mile from the galleria mall.
many shops and cafés are located nearby.
siena is 48 km from villa sunset, while arezzo is 41 km away.
the seaside is an 8-minute drive away.
tre canne is 3.2 km from jaz beach.
the restaurant serves healthy snacks and meals each evening.
free wifi is provided.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving indian, chinese and continental fare.
located in a quiet area in central skopje, mola hotel offers stylish and spacious rooms with free wifi throughout. the hotel is just a 10-minute walk from the main square, the stone bridge, the old town, kale fortress and the city park.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
located in hamburg's quiet district of bramfeld, this hotel offers free wi-fi internet access, free public parking, and quick and easy public transport links to the city centre.
free parking is available.
guests at kyoto hotel brighton can explore kyoto with rental bicycles, offered at a charge.
all guests must call prior to arrival at the guest house.
la dolce vita hotel is a 15-minute walk from rimini train station, while riccione is 11 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk. laundry and ironing services are provided.
the apartment has two bedrooms and offers housing for 6 people.
ngurah rai international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
lagos live science center is 800 metres away and lagos marina is 1.4 km away.
there is 24-hour reception and a helpful tourdesk.
les chalets d'adelphine ii are decorated in a contemporary style.
ngurah rai international airport is reachable in about 3 hours by car.
laundry with dry cleaning and rental car arrangement facilities are available.
casa acquario chic offers accommodation in genoa, a 5-minute walk from piazza de ferrari.
rabat-salé airport is located 15 km away.
the property offers free parking.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and hiking.
each well-appointed unit is fitted with a flat-screen satellite tv, dvd player, minibar and microwave.
the rooms are air conditioned and include a tv with dvd player.
in the garden, guests will find a heated outdoor swimming pool and a terrace. the property offers an apartment and cottages.
hanna hotel offers accommodation in istanbul.
the hotel is just 800 metres from ondarreta beach but day excursions can also be organised to nearby cities, such as biarritz.
located 45 minutes away from trois-rivieres, chalet mahigan sipy offers an array of outdoor activities like fishing or water sports.
this classic english-style hotel is located in the heart of berlin, a 2-minute walk from checkpoint charlie.
private bathroom also comes with a shower. extras include cable channels.
marrakech-menara airport is 8 km away.
lunch and dinner are served at the restaurant right by the sea.
celtic haven has plenty of activities including a kids' adventure zone, indoor pool, tennis courts and the sauna, hot tub and gym.
a garden and a restaurant are featured on site.
parking is available free of charge (reservation recommended) at the penzion avionika.
the centre of skala potamias is a 15-minute walk.
the majority have a beautiful view of a classic venetian canal.
three of the plovidiv's tepe can be reached in a 10-minute walk from guest house the old house.
a flat screen tv and dvd player, as well as a cd player are offered.
bbq facilities are provided and carcassonne golf club is 10 km from the property.
some apartments are barrier-free.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, gazdovský dvor offers pet-friendly accommodation in bešeňová, 1 km from gino paradise bešeňová. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar.
sugarloaf mountain is 4.7 km from the property.
surrounded by the sylvanvale vineyard, hotel devon valley offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant serving cape specialities and local wines.
the estate features views of the rietvlei dam and offers an outdoor swimming pool and garden.
24-hour reception and a guest launderette are featured at inn harbor.
stamford is about 20 minutes' drive away.
free wifi is provided at the property.
le mas des couleurs is located in banne, 8 km from the ardèche river.
the private bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer.
the property is located about 5 km from the nearest beaches and 8 km from querqueville.
north fremont holiday inn express & suites has a 24-hour front desk.
you can enjoy mountain view from the rooms.
offering free access to its spa centre with an indoor pool, a gym, steam room and a sauna, the stylish anemon samsun hotel is set within a 3-minute walk from mert park and the beach in samsun. piazza shopping mall, full of stores, cafes and restaurants, is next to the property.
the en suite bathrooms provide hot and cold shower facilities.
the accommodation is equipped with a dining area and a seating area with a satellite flat-screen tv. a microwave and kettle are also provided.
guests enjoy 24-hour room service and hot showers.
all suites appart hotel mérignac is located 5 minutes from bordeaux mérignac airport.
other facilities at atico del viktor include a sun terrace.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher.
home-cooked meals can be enjoyed on the furnished terrace.
offering an outdoor pool, al dahar apartments is situated in hurghada, 4.1 km from new marina.
featuring air-conditioned units with a modern décor, hotel labella bergama offers a garden and an outdoor pool with free parasols and sun loungers.
terrassa is 40 km from sitges group- playa san sebastián, while sabadell is 42 km away. el prat airport is 23 km from the property.
hotel rey chindasvinto offers traditional, rustic accommodation in the medieval village of covarrubias.
this property also features a shared garden and terrace.
various restaurants can be found within a 300-metre radius, as well as bars, which are mostly located in the vibrant laza telečki street.
floating on the peaceful backwaters of alleppey, the dreamnest houseboat offers tours from nehru trophy racing point to pallathuruthy.
landhaus frischmuth offers a modern apartment located in pichl bei aussee.
guests can enjoy fishing and hiking in the surrounding areas.
the hostel is 400 metres from barrio santa cruz, 1 km from plaza de españa sevilla and 1.3 km from plaza de armas.
you can enjoy pool view from the room.
lakeland civic center is 10 minutes from motel 6 lakeland, fl. tampa international airport is 45 minutes west of the motel.
a 2-minute walk from glastonbury abbey, hawthorns hotel provides en suite rooms, with a bar, restaurant and beer garden.
ndk is 1.1 km from gaidarski apartment, while boris garden is 2.1 km from the property.
free wi-fi is available.
the buda castle is at the distance of 1.4 km.
during the summer months, you can make the most of the outdoor pool.
the tour desk can be approached for assistance in day trip planning and currency exchange arrangements.
mondragó nature reserve can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
many typical umbrian cities such as perugia, assisi and orvieto can be reached by car in 1 hour. narni is a 20-minute drive away, and the centre of stroncone is just 1 km away.
bathroom and toilet facilities on the property are shared.
exeter international airport is 14 km from the property.
breakfast consists of homemade cakes, cold meats and local cheeses.
klaipėda is 36 km from vilainiai. the nearest airport is palanga international airport, 7 km from the property.
hanover train station is an 8-minute walk away and the main shopping area is a 2-minute walk away.
the olive house restaurant and the woolshed function centre are less than 5 minutes’ drive away.
located in buti, i maggi offers apartments with free wifi, wood-beamed ceilings and air conditioning.
st lucia hewanorra airport is located 26.7 km from the villa.
set in the scenic erz mountains and surrounded by peaceful gardens, this elegant 4-star hotel features a traditional façade, a relaxing spa and rooms with classical furnishings.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
chalet du verney – b01 features 3 separate bedrooms and the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub.
spacious air conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv, a seating area and a mountain view. each also comes with an electric kettle, a refrigerator and an en suite bathroom with a bath, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
each room features an lcd tv with a dvd player and a spacious seating area. the light and airy room also have tea and coffee making facilities, a private bathroom, and views of the gardens.
it is 20 minutes' walk to dallgow-döberitz train station, where free parking is available.
in summer, swings for children and a seating area are also available in the garden.
boasting an outdoor swimming pool, spa and wellness centre and sauna, nairobi safari club offers rooms in the central business district in nairobi.
offering a restaurant, a bar and a garden with a terrace, hotel pchelina is quietly located within a 15-minute walk from the opsenie of st. bogoroditsa church, in the pchelina area.
daily maid service is included.
it is located in an attic and has a seating area with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
you'll be just 500 metres from ponte vecchio, florence's most famous bridge over the river arno.
the apartments at haus luxer are all fitted with a tv, a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette, and a bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
the waterfront high rise deluxe features a fully-equipped kitchen complete with an oven, stove and dishwasher.
the zeller see lake can be reached in a 5-minute walk.
hippokratis apartments is located 16 km from chania town and 20 km from souda port.
b&b dodo features free wifi throughout the property.
it offers free wifi and private parking.
a shuttle, laundry and ironing services are available at a surcharge.
all rooms were renovated in 2015 with a design inspired by falun heritage.
the friendly staff at ibis budget surabaya airport can assist with luggage storage for free.
at clair de lune you will find a bar. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
museum and gift shop discounts are available.
all rooms at the businesshotel rosenau include satellite tv, free wi-fi and a private bathroom.
an array of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, windsurfing and diving.
white springs golf course is 4 miles from the hotel. greenville city park is 1.3 miles away.
the nearest airport is côte d'azur airport, 22 km from the property.
there is also a full kitchen at city dream apartment for guests wanting to prepare meals. alternatively, the restaurant-lined olivaer platz square is 400 metres away.
it features a salt-water outdoor pool and elegant rooms with an lcd tv.
the galerie restaurant serves german and international food, and has a children's menu.
accommodation will provide you with cable tv. there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
free use of bicycles and bike hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
situated in the stari grad district in belgrade, 500 metres from trg republike belgrade, bicycle belgrade hostel boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property. private parking is available on site.
't valkennestje is set at a peaceful location a 30-minute walk from the sandy beach and the north sea in de haan.
the caravans come with a furnished outdoor area, a kitchenette and a sofa.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, seven plus one theme inn offers accommodation in zhangjiajie.
this family-run hotel is located 3 km from leipzig central train station and 5 minutes’ drive from leipzig city centre.
refúgio do monte offers a terrace and a shared lounge.
the apartments at les appartements de la haguète & du sôtè feature place albert views at the front, a balcony at the back and a flat-screen cable tv with a dvd player.
free wifi access is available.
alternatively, local restaurants, serving the region’s fish and seafood courses, are available within a 5-minute walk.
prince hotel furano offers a bar, a public bath and an on-site shop.
this family-run hotel features modern rooms with free wi-fi and a 24-hour front desk.
free wifi is offered .
a selection of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing and cycling.
a flat-screen cable tv, alarm clock, and coffee machine are standard as well.
a public bus stop with lines around tirana is 100 metres away.
featuring modern thai décor, guest rooms at the hotel have attached bathrooms with hot shower facilities. each room is equipped with a tv and minibar.
this rural hotel, which offers free wi-fi, serves regional cuisine in the intimate restaurant and drinks on the picturesque terrace.
set in a quiet area 3 km from the centre of mittersill, frühstückspension ronacher offers a sauna, free wi-fi, and rooms with a balcony and views of the kitzbühel alps.
private bathrooms have a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
it boasts free wifi throughout, parquet floors and a round bed.
free parking space is available on site.
via cola di rienzo shopping street is 1 km from the property, while cipro metro station is a 5-minute walk away.
featuring free wifi, wonderful in rome offers accommodation in rome.
the hotel’s 24-hour front desk provides luggage storage services.
the spacious apartment comes with a well-equipped kitchenette with dining area, a sofa, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and 2 bathrooms.
pestana golf academy is 4 km from gaivota mar.
pamukkale is 28 km from the hotel.
the bungalows are facing the lake, where you can enjoy fishing or boating. the large garden boasts barbecue facilities and a common lounge and kitchen are also available.
a local bus stop with lines to pula bus station is 100 metres away.
the air-conditioned rooms at hotel san roque feature tiled floors and plenty of natural light.
there is also a tv lounge.
each apartment at oasis papagayo sport & family has a private balcony, most with pool views.
located within 450 metres from the beach and the town centre, vlsb apartments offers air-conditioned accommodation units with satellite tv. the local bus stop is just 40 metres away.
guests will be able to get to the beach are within a short walk.
the apartment is 1.3 km from holy transfiguration monastery.
a microwave and refrigerator are included in every room at budgetel inn and suites rockingham. a cable tv and a hairdryer are included.
there is a children’s play area.
bikes can be rented on site and horse riding can be enjoyed near the property.
select rooms feature an en suite bathroom.
overlooking douglas bay, the 5-star englewood lodge offers individually designed rooms with luxury en suite facilities and sea views.
rooms at the red wine club are spacious and cosy.
newly built in 2013, haus elfriede is located in schwarzenberg and offers a modern alpine-style apartment featuring a balcony and scenic views of the surroundings.
chagny is 14 km away and free private parking is possible.
the private bathroom comes with bath and shower facilities.
guests staying more than 7 days can take advantage of free airport transfers.
aquaboulevard water park is 2 km away.
guests can order breakfast at viesu nams un kempings jūrmala.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling, windsurfing and diving.
the hotel is also a convenient base from which to travel to machu picchu.
the classic-style apartments come with a kitchenette, a flat-screen tv and a washing machine.
a continental breakfast is served daily.
offering a 600 m2 garden with a gazebo, terrace and fruit trees, locanda del buonumore has a peaceful location just outside rome's ring road.
karlstad airport is 40 km away.
niseko landmark view offers modern apartments in different locations in the popular niseko ski area.
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet and free parking.
a continental breakfast is offered each morning.
a bus stop providing connection to several parts of the area is at a distance of 1 km and thessaloniki international airport is located 61 km away.
tivat airport is 17 km away and the property offers free airport shuttle to tivat airport and dubrovnik airport.
free guest parking is available.
it is just a 5-minute drive from matabiau train station and a 15-minute drive from blagnac airport.
you can start the day with a rich breakfast in the garden.
kinder & babyurlaub- haus bergahorn offers accommodation in bolsterlang. hörnerbahn i is 700 metres from the property.
while there are no restaurants in the property, there are many restaurants in less than 1 km radius of the property.
located 900 metres from milan fashion district in milan, this apartment features free wifi.
there is free parking on site.
the spacious apartments offer a fully-equipped kitchen, a seating area with a tv, dvd player, and a sofa, air conditioning, and a bathroom with a bath or shower.
barbecue facilities are available as well.
a traditional multi-course meal is offered for dinner and breakfast.
all the rooms have spectacular views of the pyrenees mountains.
some rooms overlook the castle or old city walls, while others have mediterranean sea views.
activities in the area include kayaking in the gorges de l’ardèche and cycling, fishing and rock climbing are available nearby.
free wifi is available.
royal bath's restaurant uses seasonal, local produce whenever possible.
pag is 22 km from apartment gajac.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
set in zambujeira do mar, 900 metres from sudoeste tmn, monte soalheiro boasts an outdoor pool and views of the canal.
toulouse-blagnac airport is 89 km away.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a tv.
tech park, the north atlanta trade center, and the gwinnett civic center are all minutes away.
the boutique hotel l'escale coté port is located just 80 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the centre of l’île rousse.
lunch and evening meals can be provided upon request.
they also include a bathroom with a toilet and a shower.
the shared bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
in the hostería kelta, located in the province of santa cruz, patagonia, you will be able to contemplate a panoramic view of this beautiful city and of the lago argentino.
the private bathroom has a multi-jet shower.
guests can enjoy barbecue facilities.
apartotel don francisco is located in the residential zone of escazu, and offers a lobby with a beautiful fountain and a free morning coffee service.
hotel evershine is located in rajkot.
the beach of agios gordios is a curving stretch of sand, shingle and pebbles, with warm, shallow waters that are perfect for snorkelling and safe for children.
best western coastal waters is a 20-minute walk to the nyerimilang heritage park and the griffiths sea shell museum.
palacio del gobernador is about 2.9 km away, while ninoy aquino international airport is accessible with an 11 km drive.
free wi-fi and a hot breakfast buffet are also offered.
all the air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a seating area..
they offer a seasonal outdoor pool and free on-site parking.
some rooms are housed in a separate building located at the end of the garden.
free on-site parking is provided for guests who drive.
laundry facilities and a bicycle storage room are available. free private parking is available on site.
a buffet breakfast is served daily, and you can enjoy regional and mediterranean dishes prepared by the hosts on request.
some rooms boast picturesque views of the sea.
orlando international premium outlets, which has shopping and dining venues, is 7.6 km away.
heating facilities are available in all rooms.
a supermarket, restaurant and pizzeria are located a short walk from the majori residence.
zoya hotel has a garden with a children’s playground.
meals can also be enjoyed on the panoramic terrace overlooking the sea.
at holiday saidia you will find a garden.
rooms are also air conditioned, and have a work desk and en suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
hotel offers transfers from airport, as well as excursions to mountain biokovo, boating and rafting on the river cetina, atv safari (quad) or trips to national parks of krka waterfalls and plitvice lakes.
breakfast is served in the garden of the pension.
the bathrooms have a walk-in shower, washbasin and toilet.
the property offers apartments with a balcony with sea views, as well as studios with no views.
overlooking the kajaani river, 10 minutes’ walk from kajaani station, this hotel provides free wifi and sauna access.
for convenience, the hotel provides laundry services and luggage storage.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
a seating area with satellite tv and dvd player is included in all the spacious units at the elektra.
the lido hotel is located in a quiet area, just 200 metres from the gdańsk pier.
located on the mediterranean cliffs, nazar beach hotel offers an outdoor pool with water slides, and spa facilities.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 14 km from kommunalka.
it features an outdoor pool, a business centre and complimentary wifi access throughout its premises.
the restaurant serves traditional neapolitan and national cuisine, cooked in a firewood oven.
free private parking is possible on site.
menaggio is a 5-minute drive away.
dokkem is 14 km away, while lauwersmeer is 7 km away and offers a direct connection to schiermonnikoog by ferry.
some have flat-screen tvs, tea/coffee making facilities and a fridge.
la casita offers a private bathroom with a shower, with slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
the rijksmuseum and van gogh museum are a 15-minute walk away. the albert cuypstraat tram stop is a 7-minute walk and offers direct access to amsterdam central station with tram 16 and 24.
the prince rupert performing arts center and alaska ferry terminals are only a 5-minute drive from the highliner plaza near prince rupert.
guests can also enjoy regional specialties, as well as a selection of drinks in the hotel’s restaurant or through room service.
underground and s-bahn trains are within a 10-minute walk.
at hotel zheleznogorsk you will find a 24-hour front desk.
villas del sol features different type of villas which can accommodate from 2 up to 10 people.
buckingham palace, trafalgar square and the shops and theatres of the west end are all a short tube ride away.
the property offers a shared kitchen and a library. luggage storage and a safety deposit box can be provided for free.
free private parking is available on site.
all guest rooms feature a satellite tv and coffee-making facilities.
most have balconies furnished with chairs.
reus airport is 8 km away.
you can use the studio’s kitchenette to prepare meals, which is equipped with a dishwasher and oven.
situated in the old town of kalkan, this villa offers rooms with panoramic views of the mediterranean sea.
each has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and an en suite bathroom.
extras include a desk and a fan.
set next to the sea in ražanj, apartment joke is surrounded by a garden with terrace and built-in barbecue.
the property is a 7-minute drive from castle stalker and 19 miles from the coastal town of oban.
the multilingual staff of hostal morgan bed and breakfast can help arrange airport shuttle and various tours.
my den beachfront is located just 15 km from oribi gorge nature reserve.
there are one living room and one bedroom, suitable for 4 guests.
golfers can enjoy exciting courses along the coast, including north berwick golf club, a 3-minute drive away; golf tours can be arranged at the hotel.
the property offers free parking.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
dufays hotel is 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of malmedy.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
travel arrangements and ticket purchases can be made at the tour desk.
free private parking is possible on site.
all have a separate bedroom, a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
there is free wifi and free access to the apartment building’s fitness centre.
just 150 metres from the beach in chernomorets, vteps hotel offers accommodation with free wifi and a courtyard with private parking and a children’s playground.
free, private parking is available on site.
all rooms at veselka come with simple layout and a kettle.
overlooking the mountains on one side and the beautiful tons river on the other, riverstone cottages is located in the scenic valley of dehradun.
bad münster am stein train station is 1.5 km from the accommodation.
cabañas telayú is 420 metres from rinconcito beach and 900 metres from punta cometa.
guests at aquamarina apartments capcana can find a variety of restaurants 2 minutes’ walk away.
a take-away breakfast is available.
pulkovo airport is 24 km away.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
a flat-screen tv is available.
situated on the outskirts of leicester city centre, the grafton house is just 5 minutes’ walk from leicester railway station.
conveniently located 2 blocks from the main square, casa blanca beach offers accommodations in los baños del inca.
there is a desk, wardrobe and flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
residence portello offers self-catering accommodation with satellite tv, 4 km from the centre of milan.
free wi-fi and complimentary private parking are also available on site.
the bohemian street of skadarska offers various restaurants that serve traditional serbian cuisine, and is located 4.2 km away.
cable tv and a seating area are included in each air-conditioned room at four seasons inn branson.
situated in ahangama, villa flo offers a garden and terrace. koggala airport is 1.6 km from the property.
you can also drive to madrid through the a2 motorway in less than 1 hour. a golf course can be found 15 km away.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
it is a 15-minute drive from malacca town centre and features wireless internet in public areas.
all rooms feature a telephone, clock radio, hairdryer and satellite tv. each room has a private bathroom, most of which are en suite.
all rooms at palanga spa design hotel are spacious, each with a seating area and a private balcony.
the hotel is 281 km from patna airport and 7 km from jasidih railway station.
gdynia główna train station is 500 metres away.
guests can enjoy a breakfast, which is offered daily.
mercure saint etienne parc de l'europe is located opposite the parc de l’europe, 4.2 km from the centre of saint-etienne and 2.3 km from the convention centre.
the unit has a furnished terrace where guests may enjoy al fresco meals.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and fridge. a stovetop and coffee machine are also offered.
rooms are simple and comfortable and feature a fan and telephone.
estonian national opera is 500 metres from centre apartment viru foorum keskus, while niguliste museum-concert hall is 1 km from the property.
dalsland moose ranch is just a 20-minute walk away.
raja bhoj domestic airport is 11 km away.
certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the town of pienza can be reached in 1 hour by car.
free wi-fi access is available throughout.
zamora and salamanca are both around 1 hour and 15 minutes’ drive away.
sun sea sand is located on poetto beach in quartu sant’elena.
dunoon is at the western gateway to the loch lomond national park.
all rooms have a shared bathroom.
the hotel has a swimming pool, a sauna and several fitness rooms.
the garden awaits guests with barbecue facilities.
the living room comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and sofas.
there is plenty of free parking on site and the hotel also offers room service and packed lunches.
the 400-year old building of quinta da florencia is set in the quiet countryside of serra da estrela and offers free wi-fi.
keswick and derwent water are both just a 10-minute drive away, while the western lakes are around 30 minutes' drive.
list dünenstraße train station is a 10-minute walk away.
whether you are staying as a single traveller or a family, or are visiting on business or pleasure, this delightful guest house offers complete comfort, privacy and a homely atmosphere.
destiny on fitzherbert is a 6-minute walk from the square and an 8-minute drive from palmerston north train station.
benefit from the function room which is ideal for receptions, weddings, business meetings, conferences and other special occasions.
parking is also available.
lviv state academic opera and ballet theater is 400 metres from apartments on medova 7, while zankovetski drama theater is 400 metres from the property.
nizhniy novgorod airport can be reached in 10 km, and moskovskiy train station bus stop is only 70 metres away from the property.
west lake is 8 km from the property.
several restaurants are within walking distance from art bed breakfast.
the centre of zadar is a 10-minute bus ride away from villa gravic.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with slippers and towels.
a savoury breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks, pastries and cold meats.
at ume sita you will find a 24-hour front desk and currency exchange service.
galeão international airport is located 18 km away.
some have a private patio, and some have a private terrace.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, your hostel offers accommodation in yerevan, 900 metres from armenian opera and ballet theatre.
free rental bikes and physiotherapy are offered on site.
apartment forsthaus 13 is a self-catering accommodation located in strobl and offers an apartment with a tv and a balcony.
guests can relax and sunbathe in the on-site garden and get tan on a sun bed.
the são vicente caves are a renowned tourist spot and are a 35-minute drive away.
the property also has a garden.
it offers free wifi access.
located 50 metres from the sea in paralia vrachou, casa christabella offers tastefully furnished, self-catering accommodation with patios or balconies.
the private bathrooms include showers.
a 30-minute drive from tianjin binhai international airport stands the spectacular tianjin saixiang hotel.
the city of varna is just a 10-minute bus ride away from the complex magnolia.
the hotel de compostelle features 23 spacious, bright and air-conditioned rooms, including 3 family suites.
madrid restaurant serves guests traditional sichuan and yangzhou meals.
all rooms come with a tv.
cycling routes pass right by the house and the pyhrn-priel golf course can be reached within a 2-minute drive.
all rooms offer are equipped with a mini refrigerator and a cable tv.
it provides easy links to destinations including the airport and nürnberg messe exhibition centre.
de vesting offers luxury bed-and-breakfast rooms in an historic building within the old fortified town of bad nieuweschans.
this hotel is a 2-minute drive from the honolulu zoo and a 4-minute drive from waikiki shopping plaza shopping center.
a refrigerator and tea- and coffee-making facilities are also provided.
they are equipped with a private bathroom, a tv and free wi-fi access.
old west street hotel is located just beside the historic west street, only 100 metres from lijiang river and 500 metres from yangshuo bus terminal and yangshuo park.
galway is a popular seaside destination, with beautiful beaches and a long promenade.
the boileau is ideally located in paris’ elegant 16th arrondissement, just 350 metres from the exelmans metro stop.
open 7 days a week, the the grapeseed spa offers spa treatments and features a fitness centre and a private movement studio.
the café is open for a self-service lunch.
featuring free wifi, a barbecue and a children's playground, приличный дом в коктебеле offers pet-friendly accommodation in koktebel, 22 km from berehove.
the non-smoking rooms at the hotel-pension lydia feature a work desk, minibar and a private bathroom with shower.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
the property offers free parking.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
room service is offered upon request.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, climbing and hiking.
a breakfast buffet consisting of homemade cakes, cold cuts and hot drinks is served every morning.
rooms have contemporary décor and parquet floors.
sweet croissants, bread, jam and hot drinks are served daily for breakfast in the shared kitchen.
local dining outlets can be found within 10 metres from the property.
the kitchenette comes with an oven, microwave and fridge.
a market is reachable within 500 metres.
there is a possibility to hire a professional instructor, as well as rent necessary equipment on site, along with mountainboard decks.
hotel sonnenblinck is located in valkenburg, right next to the train station houthem - st.gerlach and around the corner from the bus stop.
each room in hangzhou xiaoshan guoda holiday hotel is fitted with a tv and an electric kettle.
some rooms include a fireplace.
the apartments at madame vacances residence les fleurs de lys come fully equipped with en suite facilities, kitchen, bedroom and living room.
guests can relax on the 8000-square-foot terrace.
six flags over georgia is located 30 miles away from this hotel. emory university is 15 miles away and the heritage links golf course is 10 minutes’ drive from the property.
an additional toilet is also available.
a 10-minute drive to central ubud, swara hari villa features a private outdoor pool surrounded by tropical greenery.
at lunchtime and in the evenings, the defne a'la carte restaurant offers a range of mediterranean cuisine.
other facilities offered include a shared lounge.
a continental breakfast is served daily, and there is also a bar where you can enjoy a variety of snacks and drinks.
it features a seating and dining area, tv with dvd player, and bathroom with hairdryer.
this holiday home features a seasonal outdoor pool and free wifi.
there is a games room on site and guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
all air-conditioned rooms feature tv and fridge, while some have balconies or terraces overlooking the cobbled streets or courtyard.
rooms include a flat-screen tv. some units include views of the sea or garden.
with a total of 5 bathrooms, 4 of them are en suite.
located in the heart of the beautiful heritage town of lismore, it also offers free wi-fi access to all guests.
guests can prepare their own meals since all the apartments feature their own kitchenette.
western-themed décor and wood furnishings are featured in each guest room at fort davis drug store and hotel. each room has a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
a seating area, fireplace and flat-screen tv with blu-ray player feature in the living room at willa rautalahti. the villa has a private terrace and balcony with lake views.
located in omsk, 5 km from the city centre, apartments on industrialnaya features self-catering accommodation with fully equipped kitchens and free wi-fi access.
echo lies 4 km from the main town and port of syros with the old mansions.
mingachevir motel offers accommodation in bayramly.
featuring free wifi, a barbecue and a terrace, pensiunea coralia offers accommodation in eforie nord.
the en suite rooms at cascina giardini are decorated in rustic style and have a minibar.
it offers spa facilities, a russian banya, free access to a hydromassage indoor pool, as well as a sauna.
this 2-floor stone house has a living room with several sofas, a fireplace and a flat-screen tv.
it is 250 metres from st. anastasia cathedral and bell tower and the port.
the aquadome thermal spa is 15 km away.
every room has a shared bathroom equipped with a shower.
this modern hotel is a 10-minute walk from plaza zaragoza square and hermosillo cathedral.
located in trakata, 3 km from saints constantine and helena resort, and 4 km from varna city, v&a apartments boasts a terrace and views of the sea.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
set in the heart of tivat in the bay of kotor, villa nena appartments is located only 20 metres away from the adriatic sea.
featuring a free outdoor pool and a garden with free bbq, hotel bisanzio is in a peaceful and green area of rossano.
guests can enjoy sunset views from the roof deck and free wi-fi throughout the hotel.
free private parking is available on site and caen is 45 km away.
the popular shops, bars and restaurants of york are within a few minutes’ walk.
all units have a private bathroom, while some come with a balcony with garden views or a kitchenette.
a 24-hour front desk is offered at lincoln south days inn. other facilities offered include a vending machine. the property offers free parking.
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site.
they feature free wired internet, flat-screen cable tv and a dvd player.
all units are functionally furnished.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
free parking is available at a location nearby.
guests can leave their car on site and admire dinosaur’s footprints 10 km away.
in the morning, hotel cappadocia serves a breakfast on the sun terrace and can be enjoyed with views of the natural surroundings and nearby villages.
set in its large garden and housed in a restored country house, cascina arcangelo raffaele offers spacious self-catering apartments with a modern design. alba is 11 km away.
watch tv in your room or relax in front of the fireplace in the lobby.
free parking is provided upon request (subject to availability).
it offers numerous bars, night clubs and hosts parties with famous djs, while also providing a beautiful pebbled beach prefect for relaxation during the day.
the other lakes in the salzkammergut region are also very close.
the caldera de taburiente national park is within a half-hour drive.
the village centre is located only two blocks away from the place, and tequisquiapan is only 20 minutes’ drive away.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
each room is simply decorated and includes bed and bath linen.
all rooms have a private balcony and offer free wi-fi.
marsala is around 20 minutes' drive away, and the airport is even closer.
you can play table tennis at this hotel, and the area is popular for hiking.
large bathrooms have a bathtub with overhead shower and toiletries.
at centr'appart you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
shared kitchen facilities are available to guests.
guests can enjoy their meals either inside or outside by the pool area.
only 100 metres from the shores of the black sea, this cosy pension offers air-conditioned rooms and free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is comiso airport, 6 km from the property.
with elegants shops and cafés, nişantasi district is 2.5 km away. zorlu mall is 6.5 km and kanyon mall is 6.7 km from the property.
at maison france cormier you will find barbecue facilities.
located on the seafront in marsalforn, merhba offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
offering an outdoor pool, villa marta is located in augustów. free wifi access is available in this homestay.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
a voucher for high-speed internet access is available free of charge at the reception.
wenceslas square with prague national museum lies within a 5-minute walk.
day trips and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on-site tour desk.
the nearest airport is tito minniti airport, 38 km from the property.
guests are invited to relax on the sofa or in the dining area.
termini station is one metro stop away.
santana row shopping center is a 10-minute drive from holiday inn santa clara.
cardrona bliss apartment is 15 minutes’ drive from the snowpark and snowfarm ski fields.
rooms at the chateau are uniquely decorated with antique furnishings,.
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
schiphol airport is a 10-minute drive away.
alicante airport can be reached by car in 1 hour.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
airport shuttle services are available at a charge.
bikes can be hired on site and staff organise cycling tours.
bicycle rental is available for free.
guest rooms provide desks and safety deposit boxes.
this family-run apartment is located in the lichtenbroich district, a 5-minute drive from düsseldorf airport and 10 minutes from the düsseldorf exhibition centre.
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a fridge and a microwave.
all air-conditioned apartments have a bathroom.
free parking spaces are available on site.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
bilbao airport is 100 km away.
other activities in the area area include hiking.
bicycles can be borrowed for free on site while boats are available to rent.
free wifi access is available.
apart hotel blumenau is 3 km from osorno shopping centre.
those who drive can park on-site for free.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
wi-fi access is available at an additional charge.
free coffee, tea and cookies are available to guests 24/7 in the lobby.
right beside the campo smith cable car, hotel rivè features a fitness centre and luxury spa with sauna, turkish bath, and hot tub.
free private parking is available on site.
meals can be enjoyed in the dining area and prepared in the kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
each room at this former priory has a private bathroom with a shower and some also have a bath.
local tram and bus stops are just a few minutes’ walk away from apartments habicum, while the city centre is within 10 minutes' drive.
the property offers free parking.
other facilities offered at the hostel include a shared lounge and tv area as well as ticket services. the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy meals in the rustic dining room or on the terrace in nice weather.
travel assistance can be sought at the tour desk.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
this hostel is located in yalta, just a 10-minute walk from the white dacha museum.
venice marco polo airport is located 7 km away.
riviera suites offers a personal grocery delivery service at an additional charge.
a private chef is included in the room rate, and you can also find restaurants in puerto vallarta’s “zona romantica,” a 5-minute walk away.
located 3 miles from ted stevens anchorage international airport, this alaska hotel offers an on-site launderette.
each air-conditioned apartment includes free wi-fi and kitchen facilities.
it also features a furnished terrace.
private parking is available on site.
it features free private parking space and a terrace with barbecue facilities.
lcd satellite tv, a minibar and a sofa are standard facilities in all accommodation units at the corvin.
this hostel has a glass house, which houses a restaurant, café and bar. guests can find both chinese and international dishes, or spend a relaxing afternoon enjoy refreshing beverages and coffee there.
the wellness centre is for adults only and has an indoor heated pool with hydromassage features, plus a sauna, turkish bath and relaxation area.
hotel don features free wifi throughout the property.
freshly baked bread rolls from the local bakery are served each morning at the breakfast buffet.
apartmán štrba comes with a terrace, a kitchenette, a seating area and a private bathroom.
free private parking is available on site.
non-smoking rooms are available.
rumeli restaurant serves turkish and international cuisines.
the property also offers packed lunches and the hosts are available to make recommendations about nearby sites.
here, guests can relax in the shared tv lounge or use the communal kitchen.
fish taverns, restaurants and bars can be found within 150 metres from onar studios.
it is 500 metres to the supermarket and restaurant.
located 10 minutes’ drive away from beverly hills, this apartment features a fully equipped kitchen where guests can cook a gourmet meal.
the functionally furnished apartments are air-conditioned and have a balcony and a private bathroom.
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
various cafes are a 5-minute walk away.
the property also has a bar.
the hotel morales ideally places guests only minutes from a number of popular points of interest.
each air-conditioned room at heywood house hotel features tea/coffee making facilities, a luxurious en suite bathroom with complementary toiletries, a flat-screen tv and an ipod docking station.
grands boulevards metro services lines 8 and 9 giving direct access to the trocadero gardens, bastille opera and invalides.
treat yourself to delicious german cuisine and game specialities in the hotel restaurant which is open from 06:30 to 23:00.
sea view studios & apartments are excellently located in agia anna, just opposite the resort’s famous long stretch of sandy beach.
ria lakes ski lift is at a distance of 17 km.
it also comes equipped with a fan, sofa and safe.
located on kata hills, cc's hideaway kata offers spacious rooms with views of the ocean and pool. it has an outdoor saltwater pool, roof top sun deck and yoga studio.
set 3.8 km from bitsa park in moscow, this apartment features a balcony. the apartment is 7 km from luzhniki stadium.
båstad golf club is located 7 km from the hotel.
continental and vegetarian options are also available.
koprivnica is 27 km from the property, while đurđevac is at a distance of 18 km.
an en suite bathroom is provided with towels and free toiletries.
the nearest airport is paphos international airport, 26 km from neoclis s antoniades mansion.
the bella vista beach hotel is 12km south of corfu town and 11 km from corfu airport.
each room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv. you will find a coffee machine in the room.
alanya town centre is 12 km from the hotel. antalya airport is 120 km away.
it features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace, set within gardens.
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage in one of the spa villas or do some quiet reading in the library.
there is also a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area.
all rooms and suites have wood furnishings, a flat-screen cable tv, electric kettle, minibar and seating area.
at swept away guesthouse you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a shared kitchen.
it features a restaurant, a bar and complimentary wi-fi access and parking.
oulx train station is located 10 km away.
surrounded by tropical gardens, the spacious balinese-style villas at payogan come with flat-screen satellite tvs and dvd players.
los penitentes ski resort is located 160 km away.
a sound loop is also provided for the hard of hearing.
located in the heart of historic savannah city centre, this all-suite georgia hotel features an outdoor pool and complimentary hot breakfast.
the lake is an excellent place for swimming and walking.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
the property provides free private parking on site.
with a private garden and a patio, fattoria pian di rocca offers pet-friendly accommodation in castiglione della pescaia, at a 5-minute drive from the beach.
the beach of agia triada is 1.2 km away from venere apartments.
bedrooms have parquet floors and the kitchen floors are tiled.
each includes a well equipped kitchen fitted with an oven, a fridge and electric kettle.
all rooms feature a balcony or a terrace.
a bar and a summer garden with a seating area are also available.
from here, the provincial capital aosta is a 50-minute bus ride away.
room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
the holiday home provides you with a sauna and a hot tub.
guests can swim and snorkel in the reef, paddle around the island in native bankas (boats), bird watch or trek through the forest.
they each feature a private bathroom and a kitchenette.
creative meals and popular steak dishes are served in the klinkner’s restaurant.
guests will find taverns and mini markets within a short walk from studios itamos.
motor inn casino is within a 5-minute drive of casino folk museum and the casino golf club.
a daily american breakfast is available there.
located 13 miles north of the louisiana border, this el dorado, arkansas hotel is 6 minutes’ drive from the south arkansas art center.
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport, 17 km from lokappart - cail.
the holiday home features free wifi.
casa residency is 700 metres from sungei wang plaza and 1.9 km from petronas twin towers.
after starting the day with a complimentary breakfast, guests can relax around the large outdoor pool.
at michael's surfside hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and free parking.
free wi-fi is provided in filin hotel, located in zavolzhsky district of yaroslavl, 5 minutes’ walk from filin train station.
at hotel pałacyk konin you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace where you can relax.
chatuchak weekend market is 2.4 km from bannpipat, while central festival eastville is 5 km from the property.
this apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. there is a full kitchen, with a microwave and an oven, and private bathrooms with a shower.
the sights of prague can be visited, the vyšehrad fort lies 4.5 km away and the wenceslas square can be reached in 30 minutes by public transport.
a washing machine can be used on site and daily room cleaning can be arranged at a surcharge.
the town centre with shops and restaurants is within the same distance from pradella.
vouliagmeni suites lies 20 km from the city centre of athens with all the main attractions.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
guests are invited to use communal facilities, such as the barbecue facilities, the garden, the shared kitchen and the shared lounge.
the on-site restaurant serves lunch, including a salad buffet.
wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. free on-site car parking is available as well.
facilities at royal orchid resort include a business centre and tour desk.
free private parking is available on site.
kazan central train station is 3 km from greenpoint hostel, while kazan international airport is 25 km away.
the open-plan living room comes with a large seating area and a flat-screen satellite tv.
it provides a fitness centre, karaoke facilities and massage treatments.
set at the edge of scenic giswil, grand swiss hotel enjoys a location within the impressive obwald mountains.
only 10 metres away from the sea, these family-run apartments are located in the small village of milna on the southern shore of the island of hvar, 4 km away from the town of hvar.
you will find a shared lounge and hairdresser's at the property.
guests can use shared kitchen and ski and luggage storage.
other facilities like a games room and laundry facilities are offered.
a ski school is just a 3-minute walk away.
free private parking is available on site.
it provides functional rooms with access to a shared kitchen and tv room.
los cristianos is 11 km from green park, while adeje is 16 km away.
a cosy restaurant with terrace and generous, comfortable guest rooms await you here.
at an altitude of 1100 metres and a 10-minute walk from the centre of castelrotto, family-run apartments fill overlooks the mountains.
situated a 600 metres walk from jomtien beach, atlantis condo resort is a fully-furnished self-catering apartment.
guesthouse vellir’s allergy-free rooms include a wash basin.
st. stephen's basilica can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
the property is 2.5 km from laguna phuket golf club and 900 metres from phuket adventure mini golf.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, oven and microwave, as well as a toaster and kitchenware.
a private bathroom with hairdryer is provided.
hiking is popular in the area, and the hotel has a tour desk and 24-hour front desk.
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
all rooms at the fado are classically furnished and come with an en-suite bathroom.
facilities included in each room are air conditioning, cable tv and safety box.
guests can have a relaxing massage in the comfort of their rooms, or exercise in the fitness centre.
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, dishwasher and a microwave. it includes an oven and stove.
the units set at herbert samuel street offer a balcony with sea views, while the ones set at hayarkon street have city views or a city-view balcony.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a dvd player. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
guests can relax with a spa treatment or make use of the meeting rooms provided. sambi resort offers free parking for those who drive.
free wifi is available in the public areas.
featuring free wifi and a barbecue, sigiriya hostel offers pet-friendly accommodation in sigiriya. the bed and breakfast has a sun terrace and views of the mountains, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
family rooms are available.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
it offers charming rooms with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
ideally located just steps away from the cathedral and the main square, kaptol hostel offers an on-site restaurant and a bar with terrace.
a personal safe and a wardrobe are included. the en suite bathroom comes with hot and cold water supply.
located 1.5 km from beijing national stadium, also known as bird’s nest, cheng shi te se apartment hotel offers rooms with a kitchen and washing machine.
piazza maggiore square is a 10-minute drive from the dinette.
the surrounding area is perfect for hiking and other mountain activities.
free parking is offered on site.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
the staff at 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage service.
from here, you can reach st. peter's square and the colisseum in under 20 minutes by metro.
the salmon arm travelodge is 6.5 km from salmon arm golf club, and is about 25 km from enderby cliffs trail.
room service options are available to those who wish to dine in privacy.
goa homeland - candolim is set in candolim, 3.9 km from shanta durga temple. candolim beach is 600 metres away.
mendoza casa features a garden and a terrace.
offering a golf course, wellness centre and 3 restaurants, resort malevil features traditionally decorated accommodation and numerous possibilities for adrenalin activities.
it includes hot drinks, croissants, cheese and cold meats.
this small hotel is located in akademgorodok district of novosibirsk, 20 km south of the city centre.
located in torrevieja, this apartment features free wifi. the unit is 200 metres from torrevieja marina.
after a long day, enjoy a fine meal at the golfhotel denzerheide.
all rooms are air-conditioned and include a minibar, seating area and a tv with satellite channels.
all rooms have cable tv and free wifi.
the kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv is offered.
the nearest airport is milan linate airport, 8 km from b&b la terrazza sul quartiere isola.
saverne train station is 10 km from this bed and breakfast, and you can visit the château de lutzelbourg, 4 km away.
strasbourg train station is a 9-minute walk from the property.
the ensuite bathroom also comes with a shower.
golf club delle langhe is 5 km away.
the property is located in la joya residential area, which offers a number of shops and restaurants.
check-in to your bright and airy guest room and relax while watching a movie on the lcd tv. for extra convenience, each hilton room also includes a seating area and a work desk.
guests can sunbathe by the poolside terrace or enjoy a relaxing bath in the en suite bathroom.
an en suite bathroom with hairdryer is also included.
in apartamentos central’s building, there is an ice cream shop offering meals and snacks.
featuring a sleek design, the rooms offer air conditioning and heating facilities, and are equipped with a fridge.
prepare your own meals here or head to the nereida’s welcoming buffet restaurant, serving a wide range of national and international dishes.
the daily breakfast buffet offers a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats.
yucca2 is sited in patã de baixo and features a private outdoor swimming pool, as well as outdoor barbecue facilities.
the ferienwohnungen im blauen haus offers 2 self-catering apartments with a shared garden.
apartments come with a fully equipped kitchenette.
hotel belmonte is a 15-minute drive from asiago.
air-conditioned apartments all come with a terrace, garden views and a kitchenette.
the inn has an outdoor pool and a deck facing the berkshire hills.
served on the rooftop terrace in summer, a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is provided daily, including local food and specialities by the pastry chef.
rooms here will provide you with a tv, wardrobe and desk.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, luggage storage and shops (on site).
there is also an electric kettle.
immersed in greenery, residence acquaviva is set in castro marina, 5 minutes' walk from the nearest beach.
some rooms overlook the sea, while others have a view of the caucasus mountains.
drinks are available at the bar near the pool area and in the lounge. the restaurant serves regional and italian cuisine, plus sardinian specialities once a week.
the centre of namur, featuring the unesco world heritage-listed belfry, is 45 minutes away by car.
the studio features satellite tv, a sofa and a kitchen.
set in hurghada, studio apartment private beach is an apartment featuring a terrace and views of the sea.
pizza-lovers will be in paradise – la lanterna offers more than 30 different types.
offering good value for money and comfortable accommodation, the hotel is ideal for couples and families wishing to enjoy a relaxing seaside holiday in this beautiful beach resort.
hilton beirut habtoor grand has a free shuttle service running between the hotel and downtown areas.
alessandria train station is 950 metres from the property. asti is 40 km away.
guests can enjoy the on-site pool, as well as indoor and outdoor hot tubs that are filled with desert hot spring's mineral water at aqua soleil mineral water spa and hotel.
it features a restaurant, business centre and complimentary wi-fi access throughout its premises.
pishchalausky castle is 1.7 km from apartment on zaslavskaya 37, while national academic big opera and ballet theatre is 1.8 km from the property.
set in the central salerno and a 5-minute walk from its cathedral, salerno borgo antico offers a rustic-style apartment with cotto floors.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
the hotel has a year-round outdoor pool, barbecue and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
its apartments provide lcd tvs, a sofa bed and a wardrobe. a fully equipped en-suite kitchen also features a stove, a fridge and an oven.
guests can visit the bear reserve, 5 km away, or peles castle, 40 km from the guest house. rasnov train station is 2 km away.
offering free bikes, dragonfly houses is located in baan tai.
apartamentos nonna sophia is a self-catering accommodation located in praia do rosa. free wifi access is available.
decorated in bright colours, posh villa opens to a patio and balcony, and comes with 2 lounge areas, both with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
local flavours prepared with organic products from the owner's farm can be enjoyed for lunch or dinner upon request.
a 15-minute walk to the coast of the black sea in zaozernoye, simsim features a sauna and garden with bbq facilities.
free parking is available on site.
surrounded by olive groves and vineyards, agriturismo il poggio offers free wi-fi, an outdoor swimming pool, tennis court and table tennis.
girona-costa brava airport is 23 km away.
the bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the spa includes a turkish bath, hydrotherapy pools, and hydromassage showers and baths.
maison d'hôtes dar farhana is located 4 km from ouarzazate.
the hotel is 1 hour’s drive from pietersburg getaway airport.
guests can make use of la torre’s 18-hole golf course, as well as the other tennis courts and the other 5 jack nicklaus courses in the area.
the apartments at angel's suites marmaris come with modern furnishings and hardwood floor.
tarragona cathedral and its surrrounding old town are 3 km from the hotel, while the number 6 and 54 buses connect guests to the city’s amphitheatre in 30 minutes.
after their morning meal, guests can take advantage of alert bay lodge b&b’s concierge service.
utrecht is a 25-minute drive away and you can reach amsterdam within 40 minutes.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning. complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has a coffee machine.
rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) flooring with traditional futon bedding.
the property features a spa, 24-hour front desk and meeting facilities.
hotel playas de torrevieja provides a varied entertainment programme for adults and children, and there is a children’s play area which is open in summer.
an outdoor poll, free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception are featured at zhasmin villas.
lac-mégantic golf club is less than 3 km away.
the kitchens have microwaves, ovens and hobs, and there are large dining areas.
at the silk road hotel dunhuang guests can find a 24-hour front desk and a mini-market.
bicycle rental for a day is included in the price.
it provides a fully equipped communal kitchen and garden with bbq facilities.
located in qingdao’s central business district, qingdao 52 square meter apartment hotel offers service apartments with free internet and kitchens.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, seating area, a minibar and a tv with cable channels.
all rooms at welcome hotel hellissandur provide views of the vestfjords and breidafjordur.
chata w rabce - bajkowa osada offers accommodation in rabka.
fishing and horseback riding is at a distance of 3 km.
car rentals and shuttle services are arranged upon request.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
the rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
facilities of the house include a ski storage room, a library, free wifi and free outdoor parking.
situated in ivano-frankivsʼk, like home on garbarska offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
the flamingo offers bright rooms with free wi-fi in the centre of cali.
a 10-minute walk from otaru park and 1.5 km from jr otaru train station, emina backpackers offers simple dormitory accommodation with free wi-fi and shared bathrooms.
local attractions include cologne cathedral and imhoff chocolate museum, which are a 15-minute drive away.
it features modern air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, as well as a sweet breakfast provided daily.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
a garden with barbecue facilities and a playground is surrounding the property.
you can reach positano on the amalfi coast in 30 minutes by car.
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge, microwave and washing machine.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the famous psarou beach with its beach bars is just 60 metres away.
porto selvaggio regional park is 2 km from the property.
indian street, the in-house restaurant serves a selection of indian, chinese, continental and thai dishes.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 20 km away.
marrakech-menara airport is 5 km away.
the bright kvart apartments at arbat are located in moscow, within a 5-minute walk for the popular arbat pedestrian area.
slippers and free toiletries are also at guests’ disposal.
its garden features a swimming pool with hot tub and a sunbathing area.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
daily breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
free private parking is available on site.
guests of the olympia pension can use the sauna at a surcharge, and a ski storage room as well as a garden with deckchairs and terrace is provided.
the main train station is 550 metres from the property, while zagreb airport is 14 km away.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
astana airport is a 20-minute drive away, and a shuttle service can be booked at the hotel.
all units come with wooden furniture and parqueted floor, the apartment provides a well-equipped kitchen as well.
this quietly located hotel is set just a 10-minute walk away from the sandy beaches of the baltic coast in the popular spa town of zinnowitz.
budapest congress centre is 11 km away, deli railway station is a 19-minute drive away and budapest liszt ferenc airport is 56 km away.
żak cultural centre is within 350 metres, and galeria bałtycka shopping centre is a 10 minute walk away.
some rooms face florence cathedral or the medici chapels.
located on the hundred-year-old central street, xilong hotel jingwei is located in the major shopping area.
main bus and railway station are about 900 metres away.
guest rooms include a 42” flat-screen cable tv and gourmet coffee machine.
a daily maid service is offered.
elefthérios venizélos airport is 34 km from the property.
the private bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
ingolstadt is 49 km from gästehaus marion, while bad gögging is 23 km from the property.
within a walking distance from otdykh there are shops, restaurants and clubs.
at riad dar vima guests will find a terrace. other facilities offered include a tour desk.
conveniently located in elazig, hotel varan offers simply decorated rooms.
guests will be 1.6 km from emerald coast science center.
passeig de gracia, famous for its luxury shops, is 450 metres from the property, and las ramblas boulevard is 10 minutes away on foot.
just 250 metres from the organized papikinou beach, tina’s apartments is set amidst a lush garden with seating areas and a bbq.
villa piaggetta is a 15-minute drive from castelfiorentino train station.
each of the apartments at la casa features traditional spanish décor with wooden furnishings.
rooms are fitted with flat-screen cable tvs and include minibars and seating areas.
parisgaja features free wifi throughout the property.
hotel eurostar inn has a tour desk that can assist with bookings of sightseeing excursions and travel arrangements.
a continental breakfast is served from 07:30 until 10:30 at a restaurant nearby.
the full kitchen has a dining table and opens to the living area, while also letting in plenty of natural light from the window.
dino park mini golf is 2.1 km from kata ocean view 1 bedroom, while kata noi beach is 2.1 km away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the 24-hour staff offers room service.
this tulum, quintana roo hotel offers free entrance to playa kin-ha and is located near the biosphere reserve of sian ka’an.
breakfast is served in the garden, in the rooms or in the dining area.
the two-bedroom apartment will provide you with exercise equipment and satellite-tv.
w hotel operates a 24-hour front desk and can assist with luggage storage and fax/photocopying services.
its service staff can assist with laundry, luggage storage and ticketing services.
this property is 900 metres from plaza mante shopping centre and 2 hours’ drive from tampico international airport.
the dorival caymmi statue is 1.1 km away.
taupo is a 20-minute drive away, and offers numerous adventure activities, shops and restaurants.
the surrounding forest is ideal for cycling and hiking.
the walled medieval city of lucca is 13 km away.
air-conditioned bungalows have a private terrace and are fitted with a tv and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
each room has a tv and a balcony. you will find a kettle in the room.
pulkovo airport is 16 km away.
guests can enjoy the on-site wellness centre and the hotel’s garden.
gourmet seafood grills can be enjoyed at essence, the specialty restaurant.
after a drink in the bar, you can also sample indian cuisine in the on-site bombay brasserie.
this family-run hotel is located in an 18th-century mansion only 150 metres from the beach and the town centre. hotel de viertorre is 800 metres from blankenberge railway station and features free wifi.
within less than 700 metres from liechtenstein apartments, guests can reach the great dohany synagogue, the hungarian national museum, the state opera house and the st. stephen's basilica.
ironing facilities are offered, and suites include upgraded facilities, such as a fireplace.
guests can visit the domus aurea, a 5-minute walk from the kambal.
it is just a 5-minute walk to the istanbul convention and exhibition centre.
this eco-friendly hotel recycles and uses solar power.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
holiday home snerlevænget is located in otterup. the property can accommodate up to 4 people.
the bright rooms of hamarat include a minibar and free wi-fi.
every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
there is a beach only 200 metres from the property.
homemade brandy and figs are offered by the owners.
guests can make use of the encantada’s hot tub and a quiromassage service is also available.
every guest accommodation in this all-suite hotel features a fully-equipped kitchen and a 32-inch tv with satellite channels.
at the durham you will find a bar, a shared lounge and a laundry.
the property offers free parking.
ajaccio with its port and airport is 40 km away.
belvedre parc is 10 km from résidence panorama 3.
featuring a spa bath and a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
there are also local dining options within 100 metres from sunrise village.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi access is available throughout the property.
access to the property is through 7 km of gravel road.
at bellavista apart maria guests will find a garden and a terrace.
encanto riviera condo hotel also offers its guests privileges and discount at selected beach clubs of playa del carmen.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
guests of the mas de l'espaïre can enjoy hiking, bicycling and horse riding in the surrounding countryside.
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub in every unit.
rooms at alto tambopata lodge feature shared bathroom facilities, a seating area and a dining area.
a microwave, a toaster and refrigerator are also provided, as well as a kettle.
shopping and dining are 5 minutes’ drive from candlewood suites jonesboro and crowley's ridge nature center is 5 miles away.
featuring a flat-screen tv, all rooms come with a minibar and parquet floors.
guests will also find tea/coffee making facilities, as well as, toiletries.
la trucha tranqui is 120 km from mendoza city and 165 km from mendoza local airport.
you will find valet parking at the property.
reception is open 24 hours a day and staff can offer useful tourist information and arrange museum visits.
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a shower and complimentary toiletries.
each has a kitchenette with a refrigerator and cooking rings.
a daily breakfast buffet is offered at helguhus, as well as free private parking onsite.
en suite bathrooms provide shower facilities.
the helios cocktail bar serves a variety of exotic cocktails, aperitifs and liqueurs, while guests can enjoy a drink outside at the blaze bar.
plaza cibeles also provides a variety of bus connections.
3-star hotel martex is located in the centre of płońsk, 500 metres from e7 route from warsaw to gdansk.
featuring a spa bath, the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
offering outdoor pool, a hot tub and a garden, summer breeze offers self-catering accommodation.
a continental breakfast is included and served each morning in the dining room.
they have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
with wooden floors, rooms are bright and airy.
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can assist you with a luggage storage, ticket reservation, ordering flowers, car rental or concierge services.
free toiletries are provided in air-conditioned rooms for added convenience.
b&b relais nel borgo is set in a 19th-century building right in manciano's historic centre.
the nearest airport is gran canaria airport, 24 km from rk luz playa suites.
distance to yalta train station is 2.5 km, and simferopol international airport is 82 km from guest house tavr.
set 200 metres from museum of the sea in cascais, this apartment features a balcony with sea views and is in front of the cascais bay.
drinks and cocktails can be ordered in the beach-style bar.
each air-conditioned room has a balcony, while some also include a living room.
an american breakfast is served daily. drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar.
a hairdryer is also provided in the rooms.
there are several tourist attractions around the property.
the classic-style rooms are air conditioned and feature a flat-screen cable tv. the private bathrooms come with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
yourplace apartments offers excellent location, within a walking distance from the main market square.
every apartment has a dining area, as well as a modern bathroom with a hairdryer and either bath or shower.
the local casino is located within 400 metres of plaza hotel.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is featured throughout the property.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
villa-otel' provans features free wifi .
all spacious guest rooms feature microwaves, refrigerators, irons, ironing boards, coffee makers and sofa sleepers.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bidet.
each has a private bathroom with a shower and towels.
the hotel also provides in-room coffeemakers and satellite tv.
hampton inn & suites richmond/virginia center features an indoor pool and hot tub as well as a fitness centre.
villa pomela offers free parking, and is within easy reach of the a7 milano - genova motorway.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also include free toiletries.
a washing and a private bathroom are also included.
alhama de almeria is set in the valley of andarax, close to the alpujarra region.
the beach is 250 metres away.
boasting a panoramic rooftop restaurant, fortyseven is in the historic centre of rome, 350 metres from the bocca della verità sculpture.
echo beach is 3.4 km from lasala villas.
a moroccan breakfast is provided every morning.
they also feature a bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
casa rosina is located in the centre of catania, 2 km from the sea and a 4-minute drive from the closest sandy beach.
private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the chateau restaurant serves regional cuisine.
free wifi and free private parking is available, as well as a lift.
tahunanui beach is 9 km from nelson coastal getaway, while world of wearable art and collectable car museum is 10 km from the property.
a wide range of fines wines is also available. all guests booking a room in the agerhof building will enjoy their dinner in the gasthof agerhof's restaurant (annex) in summer and in the main restaurant in winter.
air-conditioned apartments are fitted with a sofa seating area, a cable flat-screen tv and a kitchenette. private bathrooms will include hot/cold shower facilities and free toiletries.
a shared lounge with sofas and a tv is offered.
the cambria pines lodge restaurant offers indoor and outdoor seating.
seasons sport and spa is within 15 minutes' drive from hartbeespoort dam and 100 km from sun city and pilanesberg national park.
the owner can provide fresh bread in the morning.
each apartment will provide you with flat-screen satellite tv with a dvd player.
room service is also available.
fresh natural air can be enjoyed from seating areas in the garden.
the guest house is 300 m from aquapark staré splavy and 500 m from railway station staré splavy.
famara beach is popular for watersports, including surfing and windsurfing, and guests can find some schools in the area.
there is free underground parking on site.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
a tv and dvd player are provided.
located in cabo frio, apartamento do moinho offers an outdoor pool. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. the property is just a 10-minute walk from peró beach and conchas beach.
karaouiyne mosque is a 20-minute walk away.
several other restaurants and cafés can also be found within a 5-minute walk away.
lyme regis town centre, with its distinctive ammonite-style street lamps, is only 10 minutes’ walk away.
finisterre and its lighthouse are 13 km and you can drive to santiago de compostela in 80 minutes.
all units at dina’s rooms feature tiled flooring and warm, earthy tones. each includes a tv and a kitchenette with cooking hobs and fridge.
the apartment is 11 miles away from chicago midway international airport and a 30-minute drive away from o’hare international airport.
located 2 minutes’ walking from olhos de água beach, akisol albufeira star iii provides self-catering 1 and 2-bedroom apartments with sea view, 6 km from albufeira city centre.
fine austrian and international cuisine is served in the cosy restaurant, featuring a tiled stove.
oktober down town rooms enjoys a prime location in the centre of rhodes town, just metres away from the medieval town, the beach and rhodes casino.
chiang mai international airport and airport plaza shopping centre are a 20-minute ride away.
the property is 25 km from belo horizonte centre and bus station.
buffet breakfast is served in the morning.
complete with a dishwasher, the dining area also has a microwave and an oven.
the kitchen provides appliances such as an oven and a fridge, and a small dining area is available.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the city of dubrovnik is 8 km away.
the nearest airport is astana international airport, 12 km from the property.
wenxin rujia trestle seaview apartment qingdao offers has a 24-hour front desk offering free luggage storage. car hire is available.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a fridge.
gasthof post is located on the medieval market square of oberdrauburg in carinthia’s drau valley.
pousada beija flor is 1 km from feliz natal bus terminal.
air-conditioned rooms feature tiled flooring, a wardrobe and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
you can prepare homemade meals using the stove, fridge and microwave in the open-plan kitchen.
the private bathroom comes with shower.
on request, the property’s staff can arrange horseback excursions and horse-drawn carriage rides.
the property is a 25-minute drive from monopoli, on the apulian coast.
set 450 metres from the royal palace and almudena cathedral, apartamentos madrid centro w is located in madrid city centre.
this victorian guest house offers free wi-fi and home-cooked meals just 5 minutes’ walk from stratford-upon-avon’s historic centre.
this property features a heated outdoor pool, a sun terrace, a garden and a hot tub.
del lago provides bicycle rentals and free hike-and-bike-trail maps.
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
peterhof is 24 km from apartment na dunaiskom.
the living room features a balcony and flat-screen tv.
bathroom facilities are shared, and some come with an in-room washbasin.
you can play tennis at the hotel.
rooms at the arrasate feature vibrant decor, landscape paintings and wooden floors.
magnat is located in słupca and houses a restaurant and a bar, as well as provides banquet facilities.
the classic-style rooms come with a tv, a work desk, and an en suite bathroom featuring a shower.
the apartment has a kitchen, equipped with everything you need to cook a meal.
sm hotel has a garden and a terrace.
you can enjoy sea view and garden view from the room.
rooms have air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, and an en suite bathroom.
some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
the hotel features a rooftop bar open tuesdays through saturdays with a variety of cocktails. 6 columbus guests can dine at the blue ribbon restaurant and bar, which features sushi and drinks.
private parking is available on site free of charge, and bikes can be borrowed from the rössli at no extra cost.
gurney plaza is 300 metres from the property, while komtar is 3.7 km from the property.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
alexious is located less than 4 km from the meteora monasteries guests can enjoy daytrips of the nearby attractions in the region, including pertouli, elati and plastira lake.
along with the indoor pool, the hotel has an art gallery.
the luxurious 5-star royal square hotel & suites is located in the heart of riga’s old town, a 5-minute walk from the national opera.
the resort is a 30-minute drive from cat ba national park.
the hotel offers luggage storage and laundry/dry-cleaning facilities.
free wifi is featured .
you can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and cycling.
the guest house is 1.1 km from são francisco de assis church and 6.9 km from bus station.
early risers can enjoy free tea, coffee and toast from 04:00.
santoña is less than 20 minutes by car.
the girasole guest house enjoys a quiet location, 2 km from the airolo exit of the a2 / e35 motorway and 80 metres from the train station.
bayside salgados is 200 metres from the salgados golf club, with a seaside location and many lakes. palácio de congressos do algarve is 100 metres away.
the studio consists of a balcony with views of the mountains, a seating area with a tv and a sofa, a double bed and a bathroom with a shower. the kitchenette also provides a dining area.
a bread delivery service is available upon request. restaurants and grocery stores can be reached in the centre.
you can enjoy a pool view and a garden view from the room.
hotel ashok is located in varanasi, just 1 km from varanasi cantonment railway station and as well as varanasi bus stand.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers.
apartamentos city beach valencia provides bed linen, towels and kitchenware.
ginja cooking school holds thai cooking classes.
the spa at haikko offers a wide selection of treatments, and the well-equipped fitness centre provides state-of-the-art gym equipment.
airport transfers and laundry service are available at extra charges.
surrounded by olive groves, elaia garden hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen tvs.
free wifi access and private parking are available.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing, diving and windsurfing.
the majorelle gardens are 1 km away and marrakesh-menara airport is 5 km away if you are arriving by plane.
the unit has a living area with sofas, free wifi and a satellite tv. the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
chinese fishing village and damingshan river are within a short drive from the hotel.
the on-site restaurant specialises in local cuisine and classic italian dishes. a varied selection of wines is also available.
holiday home j.f. nørbæksvej ebeltoft ii is located in ebeltoft.
satellite tv and a private bathroom with a shower are provided.
they can also play billiards and sing in the karaoke hall.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out estoril casino (400 metres) and portuguese music museum (1.1 km).lisbon portela airport is located 24 km away.
located in port leucate, la grande bleue residence offers direct access to the beach, a terrace and furnished garden.
budva is 37 km from guesthouse ada, while podgorica is 47 km away.
you can enjoy walks in the fresh air and even skiing at the small el morredero resort, only 20km away.
all villas include a terrace, lcd tv, and a refrigerator.
it features a kitchenette, a spacious living room and a dining area.
less than 3 km to bodrum city centre, jarra hotel is 2.5 km to the bitez district.
breakfast is provided each morning.
the spa centre includes a turkish bath and a sauna.
the rizhsky train station is 2 metro stops from boxhostels on prospekt mira.
moûtiers is 19 km away and chambéry-savoie airport is 104 km from the property.
the rooms have wooden furniture and either shared or private bathroom facilities.
a variety of restaurants, shops and bars are within 5 minutes' drive from the house.
each room is equipped with satellite tv, a minibar, slippers and a hairdryer.
it features studios with a balcony overlooking the garden and the mountain.
tour information, ticket service, and car hire are also available for guests' convenience.
monteverde luxury hotel also offers a common-use lounge or communal kitchen and the friendly staff can help with information regarding popular touristic spots in the vicinity.
each room has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
this hostel features dormitories with shared bathroom and private rooms with their own bathroom.
free public parking is available nearby.
civitanova marche is 24 km from la casa di ale, while macerata is 38 km from the property.
a flat-screen tv is available. there are 3 private bathrooms with bath.
this pet-friendly property is within 2 km from da lat market and da lat flower gardens.
this b&b is set in a baroque building in catania’s historic centre, 150 metres from piazza duomo.
the villa belvedere is peacefully situated in belgrade, 7 km from the airport.
a pick-up service can be organised against surcharge.
there is also a disco-bar on site.
dinner features modern interpretations of new zealand classics, including the famous texel lamb.
for shared use there is 1 ha fenced park with lawn, trees and an outdoor swimming pool.
each room provides a microwave and a small refrigerator.
each includes a fully equipped kitchen, and a welcome bottle of wine.
the boqueria market is less than 5 minutes’ walk away.
featuring a unique medieval design, hotel plaza del castillo has a distinctive façade resembling a castle and beautiful ornate gardens.
situated only 250 metres from the centre of lovran, villa kubo is located in a quiet area surrounded by family houses.
brockton country inn & suites is 2 miles from fuller craft museum and waldo lake.
the bathroom has a shower.
split airport is at a distance of 25 km and a pick-up can be organised.
other services include car hire, airport shuttle and valet parking.
monasterio de piedra is 15 km away.
each room has an en suite bathroom and all rooms offer a view of either the sea or mahdia town.
every room includes a tv.
the colonial-style felipez hotel provides its guests with free wi-fi and free continental breakfast in cochabamba. the city's palacio de justicia courthouse is 400 metres away.
there is one parking place included in each reservation.
a full kitchen and a separate living area with a sofa bed is offered in each room at residence inn detroit / auburn hills.
all types of bar and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
featuring an award-winning restaurant and free wi-fi, vineyard cottages & café offers boutique eco-friendly accommodation surrounded by beautiful gardens.
free public parking is available on site.
the on-site restaurant serves typical regional cuisine.
this charming country house opens onto a terrace with lovely views.
cluj-napoca international airport is 80 km away.
free wi-fi access is available in all public areas.
the john grief local airport is a 7-minute drive from the resort.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
located in san francisco’s vibrant union square, holiday inn express san francisco - union square puts you in the middle of san francisco’s shopping and fine dining district.
you can book a session at the sauna or turkish bath, or take a dip in the hot tub.
the property offers free parking and a 10-minute drive away, guests can find a golf course, tennis court, equestrian centre and public swimming pool.
ferienwohnung zur freude offers accommodation in baden. the apartment is 600 metres from rosarium.
surrounded by olive groves and a garden, it features a rustic restaurant serving lazio and italian cuisine.
during summer you can enjoy hiking or playing golf at the nearby crans-sur-sierre golf club.
the ernest n morial convention center and louisiana superdome are a 5-minute drive from this upscale sheraton hotel.
free wifi access is available.
washington dulles international airport is 28 km from oakwood at residences at rio.
it offers self-catered accommodation with free wi-fi overlooking the mountains of kefalonia and the lush greenery.
en suite bathrooms come with a shower or a bathtub, some with bathrobes.
the property is 3.1 km from roma termini and 2.5 km from the colosseum.
a dining area, flat-screen tv and private bathroom also feature in these air-conditioned apartments.
ski sport facilities are at 100 metres and there is a sports centre at 800 metres.
located just 80 metres from the scenic hikkaduwa beach, sea view rooms in hikkaduwa - budgetary guesthouse provides 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
lagrange vacances le domaine de bourgeac offers apartments with a tv and a kitchen equipped with a microwave and dishwasher.
featuring a mediterranean garden with olive and palm trees, villa vision is a villa set in vence.
a free wi-fi access is available throughout the property.
massage treatments are also offered.
it offers modern-style rooms with free wi-fi, and is surrounded by a garden.
breakfast is also available at the restaurant.
towels and bed linen are available.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
the property can organize horse riding upon request and against a surcharge.
rooms here will provide you with a fan and wardrobe.there is a shared kitchen with a microwave and oven. private and shared bathrooms come with a shower.
featuring a kitchenette, air-conditioned apartment is equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv, a fridge and ironing facilities.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
it offers free wi-fi, a restaurant and a tour desk which organises excursions to local attractions.
all have private swimming pools, hot tubs and plasma-screen satellite tvs.
free private parking is offered at the villa.
aremogna is 20 km from the property.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, lake front homestay offers accommodation in kandy, 300 metres from lakeside adventist hospital.
the nearest grocery store is 200 metres away, while a restaurant is 300 metres from the meters from the apartment gloria.
rooms feature an lcd tv with satellite channels, free wi-fi access and a minibar.
featuring free bikes and wifi in public areas, mirò b&b is located in gaeta, just 80 metres from the seafront.
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
within a 3-minute walk, guests will find a variety of dining options.
guided hiking tours are organised as well.
on the ground floor, there is a bar restaurant where a variety of greek and international cuisine is served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
free wi-fi is available in public areas.
free private parking is provided.
there is no on-site restaurant while countless local eateries are scattered around within easy reach.
apartment on novoselskogo offers accommodation in odessa, 900 metres from deribasovskaya street. the apartment is 1.4 km from odessa theatre of opera and ballet.
the mayan ruins of xel ha is a 5-minute drive from the house, while tulum archaeological site can be reached in a 25-minute drive. explorean, an adventure park near playa del carmen, is 25 minutes’ drive away.
located one block from the seafront on ponta negra beach, the marambaia apart hotel offers comfortable rooms with balconies overlooking the ocean and the popular morro do careca.
private bathrooms have shower facilities.
the apartment’s kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave and the private bathroom comes with a shower.
la maison hôte can also provide packed lunches on request.
peradeniya royal botanical gardens are 5 km from fairlee guest house.
guests can play a round of tennis or rent a bicycle to explore the surroundings. travel arrangements can also be made at the reception.
wifi is offered in some public areas for free.
extras include an outdoor seating area, bed linen and a fan.
it’s a 16-minute drive from the lisbon international airport.
with large windows fitted with sliding curtains, rooms at hotel emporio are very bright.
in addition guests can visit the restaurants in the centre of ericeira within 1 km serving fish and seafood specialities.
the apartments are fan-cooled and feature seating and dining areas.
it serves a daily buffet breakfast and features spacious rooms with free wi-fi.
bai chin hotel is located in magong city centre.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a children's playground and luggage storage.
all of the bright rooms at the family-run haus stange-mühle feature satellite tv channels, a fridge and a seating area.
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner restaurant in the old town, near palazzo dei priori.
hôtel de fonton is in the heart of the basque countryside and 60 km from bayonne and biarritz.
no meals are served on site.
staff at the reception desk can assist with luggage storage service.
car rental is offered for those who wish to explore the area on their own.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning and includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
it has a restaurant and offers free wi-fi.
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
a full buffet breakfast with tropical fruits can be enjoyed daily at the restaurant.
massages are also offered.
the property is close to several complexes as well as famous restaurants and cafes overlooking the marina.
an en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience.
the smeraldo shares all of its facilities with its partner hotel opposite. these include free bike rental, the children's pool, a summer kiosk on the beach, and a restaurant with a terrace overlooking lake garda.
your accommodation features a tv, balcony, seating area, kitchen and private bathroom.
the hotel will provide you with a tv and a patio. there is also an electric kettle.
frankfurt city centre, the frankfurt trade fair and frankfurt airport are only a 35-minute drive away.
you can taste local and international dishes at the restaurants accompanied with either nature views or panoramic sea views.
with it's sealife aquarium, waterloo is just 30 minutes' walk away.
a 9-minute drive will take you to the village of castejón de sos.
traditional bavarian cuisine is served in the hotel restaurant.
quality inn & suites winter park village area hotel is adjacent to a major highway system and offers quick and easy access to all the main orlando destinations, including walt disney world resort, seaworld orlando, universal studios florida, islands of adventure, arabian nights and pirate's dinner adventure.
the nearest airport is murcia-san javier airport, 17 km from casa euromar miramar.
all rooms are simply furnished and decorated in pastel tones.
apartments bandalo is located only 400 metres from a pebbly beach in a peaceful dalmatian village of podstrana, near split.
this country house is 70 km from federico garcia lorca granada-jaen airport.
the bar has 2 screens for sporting events.
the southwest alentejo and vicentine coast natural park is a 30-minute drive away.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
the apartment is equipped with a kitchen.
the nearest airport is atyrau international airport, 5 km from the property.
guests can enjoy relaxing in turquesa’s internal patio or reading room.
ciutadella park and barcelona zoo are just a 5-minute walk away, and plaça catalunya square is 1.3 km from the apartments.
the bed and breakfast is 4.7 km from stary browar, 4.9 km from children hospital in poznań and 5 km from poznań central rail station.
it offers non-smoking accommodation and free on-site parking.
each unit features a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the rooms feature a contemporary décor and include en suite bathrooms with hairdryer.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
hotel york also features a tv lounge and a bar.
cityexpress poza rica is 10 minutes’ drive from tajin airport and just 5 minutes from a central bus station.
at bella vita you will find a shared hot tub. the property offers free parking.
located in tamerville, la romantique duckerie avec spa is 23 km from cherbourg and the sea.
neuschwanstein castle is 35 minutes away.
it offers free wi-fi and a 24-hour front desk.
panama hat hostel features free wifi throughout the property.
the living room is outfitted with satellite-tv, a dvd-player and a hi-fi system.
a continental breakfast with waffles and bagels is served each morning.
apartments at casa del sole have wood-beamed ceilings and antique furniture.
the property is a 15-mintue drive to black house museum and a 30-minute drive to wat rong khun.
kinshasa golf course is within 5 km of hotel renaissance jumeaux.
a number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
the nearest bus station, proving access around the city, is 300 metres from visit apartments.
guests can unwind with a soothing in-villa massage, while staff can assist with grocery deliveries, laundry requests and vehicle rental arrangements.
it features free wi-fi in reception and chill out areas.
each air-conditioned unit is equipped with a tv, while some also feature a ceiling fan.
towels and bed linen are provided.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and the padrão dos descobrimentos monument is a 15-minute walk away.
the private bathroom has a bath or shower and also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
free parking facility is available.
surfing and scuba diving activities can be arranged.
free internet is provided in public areas.
jimena de la frontera is set on the outskirts of los alcornocales nature reserve, an ideal setting for hiking and cycling.
alternatively, there are also many restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel.
chalet le crepet is a lodge located in morzine overlooking the ski slopes and a 5-minute walk from the ski resort's centre.
rooms at hotel böblinger haus are bright with wooden furniture.
every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
rooms overlook either the gardens or the pool from a private balcony.
it comes with a private bathroom. slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided for extra comfort.
this medieval-themed hostal offers personalised rooms a shared lounge with a fireplace and flat-screen tv.
podolsk is 18 km from apartment na koroleva. moscow domodedovo airport is 4 km away.
linen and towels are supplied upon arrival.
this steam boat from 1927 is docked on lake saimaa, about 1 km from olavinlinna castle.
guests have views of the surrounding valley from inside the restaurant or out on the terrace.
an extensive breakfast buffet is served in the morning.
happy tower is a self-catering accommodation located in kraków, within a 15-minute walk from the main market square, wawel royal castle and kazimierz jewish district.
in the evening, discover the delicious german cooking and international favourites in the hotel restaurant.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
klong khong beach is a short walk from lanta lapaya resort, while the ferry pier is a 9.3 km drive away.
a desk and a wardrobe are also included, while shower facilities are available in the en suite bathrooms.
free parking is possible nearby.
a washing machine adds to the comforts.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
the three bathrooms come with a shower.
the property offers free parking.
you can enjoy a garden view from the room.
each apartment has a private balcony and cable tv.
for daily trips and boat tours, please check the tour desk at ozalp apart c. kaunos, an ancient city dating back to the 9th century bc, lays on the other side of the river.
you may find a lot of local eateries in the surroundings.
each bright air-conditioned room here will provide you with a cable tv.
a huge number of attractions are close by, with the national portrait gallery, british museum, british library and madame tussauds just a selection of those within 15-30 minutes’ walk.
the karlsruhe exhibition centre is a 5-minute drive from the guest house.
loket’s historical centre is just 500 metres from gracie penzion.
guests can request breakfast and half-board in a nearby hotel, a 5-minute walk from the bergheim ferienwohnung.
you can enjoy a garden view from the room other facilities offered at the property.
brezza di grecale faces san giuliano's beach and is well connected to trapani's historic centre.
free on-site parking is offered.
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms.
the property offers free parking.
lourdes pilgrimage is 12 km and parc national des pyrenees is 1.6 km from logis beau site or guests can explore the picturesque and historical argelès.
howard johnson inn kent is 13 miles from ed munro seahurst park.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing, diving and snorkelling.
set beside the naviglio pavese in milan's navigli district, navigli apartment torricelli offers minimal-style décor and free wifi access.
restaurants, shops and grocery stores can be found nearby.
this luxury property offers stylish accommodation with easy access to a crystal clear lagoon.
sitges train station is 1.5 km from the apartment.
situated in casorzo, 43 km from alba, villa hortensia maison d'hôtes boasts an outdoor pool and sauna.
the apartments come with a welcome pack of fresh fruit, groceries, a portuguese liquor, traditional pastéis de nata (traditional custard-based puff pastry, usually powdered with cinnamon), and free coffee during all stay.
free wifi access is available and a daily breakfast is included.
all apartments at lapland hotel ounasvaara chalets feature a private terrace and a living room with satellite tv.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
during summer, guests can enjoy a provençal market on sundays or evening markets in la londe-les-maures.
each room is decorated in country-style décor and has a patio.
a variety of entertainment options can be explored in a walking distance of the hotel.
kinosaki marine world is a 10-minute drive.
olympic stadium is 1.1 km from doors mini-hotel. the property is 600 metres from tsventoy central market shopping centre and moscow circus on tsvetnoy boulevard.
the hotel's own restaurant opens daily and room service is offered.
the restaurant specialises in typical regional cuisine.
traditional german meals and buffets are served in the schwarzer adler’s restaurant every day.
located in the city centre of moscow, just a 20-minute walk from the red square, home apartments on tverskaya features free wi-fi and air conditioning.
the accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a dining area and a seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge.
a breakfast buffet is available each morning at the oranien wiesbaden.
featuring an indoor pool and hut tub, american inn and suites houghton lake offers pet-friendly accommodation in houghton lake, 2.3 km from houghton lake park.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
overlooking a coral reef and its own private beach, it offers traditional swahili-style rooms.
local dining outlets are within a 10-minute walk from the property, or refreshing drinks can be enjoyed at the on-site bar.
bronx is 8 km from astoria apartment, while jersey city is 13 km away.
all bathrooms feature select bathroom products.
the motel 6 houston north is less than 9 miles from george bush intercontinental airport.
offering mountain and ocean views, conjunto turístico rural los gavilanes is 10 km from tenerife’s abona beach.
offering a private beach area of mukhur bay and russian steam bath, shida resort is located in khuzhir.
a carport is available free of charge.
the property is in a pedestrian area, close to restaurants, supermarkets and shops.
situated in limassol, mesogios iris apartment is an apartment boasting an outdoor pool. the apartment is 6.3 km from castle of limassol.
museo maya de cancun is 19 km and playa delfines is 21 km away.
harderwold golf club is just over a 5-minute car journey from de sternhof. the centre of harderwijk is 10 minutes’ drive away.
a minibar and a small seating area are included.
the property offers table tennis facilities and a terrace to relax on.
breakfast is served in the hotel’s western themed restaurant that specializes in american dishes.
with a flat-screen tv, wardrobe and desk, the rooms have a shared bathroom. they come with an electric kettle.
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and shower.
cherish yearn holiday is located a 10-minute drive from the upcoming shanghai disneyland and a 20-minute drive from longyang road metro station.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv. you will find a coffee machine in the room. all rooms include a private bathroom.
breakfast including fresh fruit, pastries and homemade jams is served every morning.
general facilities at getberget include a sauna, a barbeque area and bicycle rental.
housed in a 19th-century, wooden mansion, this hotel offers ottoman-style rooms with free wi-fi in the sultanahmet district.
some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
hotel tayka de sal is 3 hours from uyuni airport by car.
located in bakuriani, this apartment features a balcony.
all rooms are air conditioned and feature free wi-fi, a minibar and a satllite tv with dvd player and film library.
this guesthouse is just 150 metres from täsch train station and a partner hotel featuring a restaurant and a bar.
facilities also include a 32'' flat-screen, satellite tv and dvd player.
for meals, enjoy chinese cuisine served at the on-site restaurant.
breakfast is available from 07:00 each morning.
the resort also provides car hire services and free parking.
parking is free.
jan becher museum is 1 km away from the property.
kamari is 6 km from santorini island luxury yacht cruise, while ios chora can be reached within 45 km.
the firenze lies 5 km from bordighera train station.
along with a large outdoor swimming pool and hot tub, ether studios provides free parking and internet access and great views of the aegean sea and the stunning santorini sunset.
back at el balear you will enjoy bright, comfortable and spacious rooms, provided with modern commodities and sea-view balconies.
featuring an open kitchen, the featured restaurant varmen offers lunch and dinner made with fresh local ingredients.
the shady garden features barbecue facilities, while guests can also find a restaurant and a grocery store for self-catering a 5-minute walk away.
free wi-fi is available in the public area.
admiralty building is 3.1 km from apartments on egorova, while palace square is 3.2 km away.
alternatively, the hotel offers laundry and dry cleaning services.
suites at the residence inn mobile include cable tvs and free wired internet access.
the nearest airport is miami international airport, 14 km from sunshine apartments.
holiday home bork hytteby ix is located in falen and can accommodate up to four persons.
you can reach the beaches on the costa del sol in 45 minutes by car.
holiday home vinkelbæk dnmkt is located in nordborg on 200 m from the water.
the nearest airport is london city airport, 17 km from the property.
it offers spacious ocean-facing villas with private pool and kitchen.
tarragona is 37 km from cubelles sea side, while castelldefels is 27 km from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
the mayo civic center, for events and shows, is 850 m from the hotel.
all rooms have air conditioning and a balcony.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
kahului international airport is 25 minutes’ drive away.
rooms at the bergwelt have a tv and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
some also feature satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
also there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
guests of karczma u dargoscha can organise a barbecue or bonfire on site.
each room offers access to both male-only and female-only bathroom facilities, located on each floor.
set 100 metres from poble sec metro station in barcelona, apartamento abrevadero offers apartments in different locations around the paralel / poble sec area.
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings, include horse riding, hiking and cycling.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning, and the coffee shop is open throughout the day.
la gomera airport can be reached in an hour’s drive from casa policarpo.
the restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast and a variety of regional dishes.
laguna grande, which features bioluminescent water at night, is just a 30-minute drive from the property.
located in the kinosaki onsen area in toyooka, tsukimotoya ryokan offers a japanese-style accommodation with free wifi. guests can soak in the hot spring bath. free private parking is available on site.
there is a restaurant next to the property, while the nearest grocery shop is only 60 metres away.
guests can enjoy birdwatching and fishing, as well as many hiking possibilities.
the israel museum, church of the holy sepulchre and time elevator jerusalem are all within easy reach of the hotel.
some units have a shared bathroom, whilst others contain a private bathroom with a shower.
some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
goa international airport is 19 km away.
this libertyville, illinois hotel features an indoor pool, hot tub, and guest rooms with 32-inch flat-screen cable tvs and free wi-fi.
moreover it provides a flat-screen cable tv, a telephone and a desk, ironing facilities and an alarm clock.
skegness pier is 0.5 miles away, whilst gibraltar point national nature reserve is an 8-minute drive from the property.
all rooms are air-conditioned, with a tv and a private bath.
free wifi is available.
each guest room has a flat-screen tv with dvd player, fridge, seating area and tea and coffee facilities.
hotelik pod zamkiem is a self-catering accommodation located in łapalice, 2,7 km from the unfinished, castle-like manor known as łapalice castle.
free wi-fi access is available.
the air-conditioned accommodations feature a living area with an lcd cable tv and sofa, as well as a kitchen with a minibar and stove.
the restaurant cooks with fresh, local ingredients.
free wifi access is available.
free parking is provided on site.
accommodation at sacha's hotel uno provides a variety of amenities that include spacious bathrooms with rain showers.
featuring express check-in/check-out, rumah dole offers bike hire and daily maid service.
at real inn cancún you will find a fitness centre, a restaurant and free parking.
it offers modern apartments, as well as a restaurant and spa.
the historical city of vannes, once a commercial port, is now a sailing port with many pedestrian streets and beautiful gardens.
the coast is approximately 3 km away and from here you can catch a ferry to the aran islands.
it features a bar that serves drinks and local spirits.
the comfortable air-conditioned studio is decorated in warm tones and features a flat-screen tv and washing machine.
this good-value hostel enjoys a superb location on the famous plaza corredera in central córdoba.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, microwave and kitchenware.
morritts tortuga club and resort also boasts an on-site restaurant.
jenny’s cavery serves traditional food whilst the courtyard bar overlooks the halls stables.
the elegant rooms at hotel bailing come with a modern décor and are fitted with large windows.
porto international airport is 197 km from the quinta da geia villas.
guests of the hôtel le cambronne can enjoy a continental breakfast and relax in the hotel’s lounge.
all rooms come with a private bathroom.
it is minutes from the mega shopping mall and the aquapark samara and also offers link by metro to the city centre.
the centre of mestre is a 10-minute walk away from hotel giovannina.
baimai kitchen and april room both serve a selection of thai and western dishes.
guests can dine or have a light lunch in the elegant and comfortable bar and drawing room and enjoy luxurious rooms with ipod docks.
a welcome pack including wine, fruit and a guide to formentera is provided, as well as 1 beach towel per guest.
situated 1 km from eiffel tower in paris, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from terrace.
the property offers free parking.
vilnius airport can be reached 35 minutes by car and the airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge.
the front desk at the allentown america’s best value inn is staffed 24 hours a day.
main bus and train station is just 300 metres away, and ljubljana airport is at a distance of 25 km.
thai cuisine can be sampled at local restaurants, which are a 15-minute drive away.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with a flat-screen tv and sofas.
guests are invited to prepare their own home-cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with microwave oven.
the hill station of manali is 3.8 km, the hadimba devi temple is 5.1 km and the town of kullu is 39.3 km.
the guest house is a short walk from the village pub, where there is a pub serving home-cooked food.
the bus stop offering access to tbilisi city centre is 5 minutes’ walk from night house hotel.
shuttle services to the nearby ashkilar and kom ski slopes are available at a surcharge.
appi rocky inn also includes a sauna.
rabac is 42 km from apartments azur, while baška is 26 km away.
old town square with the orloj astronomical clock can be reached within 2 km, whilst the charles bridge is 2.5 km away.
free wifi access is available.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
there is a swing and a sandpit for children.
restaurants are available in 1 km, shops are as close as 400m.
the florio is a 20-minute walk from palermo central station and the cathedral.
featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
a range of business services are offered at the mail, including fax and photocopying.
all classically furnished rooms at the piccadilly inn airport include a seating area with cable tv. coffee-making facilities and a small refrigerator are provided in each room.
guest house santiago is located approximately 6 blocks away from plaza de armas square. museo de bellas artes museum is approximately 10 blocks away from the property.
breakfast is served every day in the common breakfast room.
at laxå hotel and hostel, guests can choose accommodation with either private or shared bathroom facilities.
each room offers curtained beds with individual light, socket and shelf.
apartment sammartini is located in milan, 700 metres from the train station.
the beach is 1.5 km away.
at gt marina & panorama fort beach apartments guests will find a garden, a terrace and a bar.
this gleview, illinois motel serves free morning coffee and features warmly decorated rooms with a flat-screen cable tv.
rooms here come with a seating area and an electric kettle.
the hotel also has a café and a bar where you can get a snack or a drink.
bell air hotel is 6.5 km from the centre of alexandroupolis and 7 km from alexandroupolis port.
the rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or shower.
at holiday home ved brønden hasle i you will find a sauna, a hot tub and a terrace.free parking is available on site.
liangjiang international airport is about a 3-hour drive away.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including windsurfing, diving and fishing.
located just off highway i-64 in huntington, this hotel is just 10 miles from heritage farm and world famous blenko glass company.
anti-allergic accommodation is available.
larnaca international airport is 5 km from the property.
the nearest airport is sheremetyevo international airport, 24 km from the property.
located in kościelisko and offering a view of giewont, visitzakopane sky apartments offer accommodation with free wi-fi and an lcd tv.
the embassy suites by hilton portland washington square offers guests an ideal location close to area attractions and corporate business offices.
with access to a private beach, tennis court and outdoor pool, chalan kanoa beach hotel offers guests free wi-fi, a restaurant and cocktail bar with karaoke.
maldives seashine is a guesthouse with modern and air-conditioned rooms offering free wifi.
the in-house café is open from friday until sunday during the summer.
il giardino di zefiro is a 10-minute drive from gioiosa marea centre, while capo d'orlando is 26 km away.
for dinner it caters a wide range of japanese favourites, from noodle and rice dishes to delicate sashimi fish.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
kokaidomae tram stop is a 2-minute walk away and jr nagasaki train station is a 5-minute drive away.
free private parking is available on site.
it offers rooms with both shared and private bathroom facilities and flat-screen tvs.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster. a tv and dvd player are available.
the hostel offers a common kitchenette equipped with microwave, toaster ovens and a kettle.
guests use shared bathroom facilities.
the hotel is also accessible to disabled guests.
the bathrooms come with two showers and a spa tub.
the tamaki restaurant on-site serves breakfast buffet and lunch.
a business centre, fitness centre, laundry facilities, and free parking are offered on site for guests' convenience.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
guests can cook in the kitchenette equipped with fridge, stove and electric kettle, and continental breakfasts are provided upon request.
it is situated beside the uralexpocentre exhibition centre, nearby ekstrim park and shopping areas.
it features a private beach, open from may to september.
a bowling alley, a large game room with darts, billiards, and electronic games, and a kids' club with free accesscan also be found at grand monastery private apartments.
the staff at pousada do frade can provide local information and arrange shuttle service.
all of its air-conditioned rooms comes with a refrigerator and a cable tv. en suite bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries.
free wifi access is provided throughout the property.
this features traditional wooden furniture and a well-stocked bar.
the property offers free private parking.
select rooms come with a tv and telephone.
apartments have a terrace or balcony, and a living room with a sofa and a flat-screen tv. the apartments include an equipped kitchenette.
the well-equipped gym at flora grand hotel includes a steam bath and sauna facilities, an exercise studio and a temperature controlled swimming pool.
they offer bright interiors and free wi-fi.
the restaurant serves traditional cuisine with regional specialities. barbecue dishes can also be enjoyed.
alsonso lopez airport is 2 km from the property.
the waterfront is 2.5 km away.
towels and bed linen are available at apartment teuta.
foshan colorful season is a 5-minute drive from wufeng park and a 10-minute drive from foshan paradise.
a tv is available. other facilities at apartament na wakacje include a sun terrace.
rocha is 26 km from fabricio, while josé ignacio is 48 km from the property.
free wi-fi access is available.
free private parking is offered on site.
offering an outdoor pool, country house la encina is located in arriate. free wifi access is available in this country house.
a free shuttle service from the airport and gelendzhik bus station is available.
during the stay, guests have access to free wifi.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
free wifi access is also available.
summerwind homes also feature modern décor with a tiled floor and dining area.
some have sea views.
the wooden villa comes with free wi-fi, free-use bicycles and a hot tub. it has a garden and a fully equipped kitchen.
other activities in the area include mountain sports, tennis and horse riding.
situated just 20 minutes' drive from the beaches of the costa de luz, this hotel is decorated in cheerful colours with a very pleasant glass-roofed lounge and a typically andalusian central courtyard.
central serviced apartments have well equipped kitchens and relaxing lounge areas, featuring lcd tvs with freeview channels.
every room comes with a tv with satellite channels.
the charming country house has an outdoor dining area with bbq facilities.
guests can choose from guest rooms and self-catering options.
free private parking is possible on site at auberge de la renaissance and etaples is 5 km away.
rustaveli theatre is 5 km from nova - lux apartments.
some rooms also feature a marble fireplace, a four-poster bed or a balcony overlooking victoria street.
it is a 10-minute walk to pasar seni gili trawangan, where a food court is located.
hershey park arena is 2 miles away.
towels are available.
a wide range of cafés, tapas bars and restaurants can be found in the neighbouring square and in the streets surrounding the guest house.
breakfast is served in the winter garden.
you can relax in the property’s garden or rent a bike for free and explore the surroundings.
guests can enjoy views of the mountains.
hotel yokohama garden is a 5-minute walk from jr kannai train station and yokohama chinatown.
guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at the rooftop bar.
the aquadome thermal bath is a 10-minute walk from the building.
plaza de cataluña, las ramblas and la barceloneta beach are within 20 minutes ́ walk.
toulon is 47 km from villa valdor.
the old town of liérganes is also well worth visiting, particularly the roman bridge.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
aquaarena toyohashi is 6 km away.
standard ii is 5 minutes away by car from the american university of beirut. it’s also within 20 minutes’ driving distance from beirut international airport.
other facilities offered at the property include shared lounge.
towels and bed linen are provided.
the accommodation is equipped with a seating and dining area.
brīvdienu māja vīteri is located in a secluded area on the lakefront in rēzekne.
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
this hotel is located near the city centre of santiago and features free wi-fi and an on-site casino. matum hotel & casino offers dry cleaning services and free parking.
orbitur’s modern bungalows and apartments include a seating area with a tv. each has a colourful red décor and wooden floors.
prachuap khirikhan province is 60 km away.
the hotel morgane is situated 100 metres from trestraou beach.
sopot pier is 700 metres from sopockie apartamenty chrobry, while leśny stadium is 1.3 km away.
all rooms include a private bathroom.
the sinequaroma is a one-storey independent house, with free parking.
the country-style restaurant at the drei kronen frauenwald features a traditional tiled stove and open fireplace.
this holiday home is 77 km from billund airport.
some rooms have a view of the lake and include a spa bath.
you can prepare meals using the oven, stove and fridge-freezer, and the open-plan kitchen also has a dishwasher.
villa panama offers classically furnished rooms with floor-to-ceiling windows, a flat-screen tv and a minibar.
just 9 km away, you find the mys dobroy nadezhdy water park and berdyansk leisure park.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with shower facilities and toiletries.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv.
some suites may have a flat-screen tv.
all apartments include a living area with tv and sofa bed.
at the ritz-carlton dubai, guests can experience varieties of themed restaurants ranging from flavors of asia, arabia and the mediterranean including the new beach restaurant palm grill overlooking the arabian gulf.
only a 10-minute walk from kenting main station, da jen shan style resort features colourful guest rooms with free wi-fi.
the surrounding upper bavarian countryside is ideal for hiking, cycling and skiing.the hausberg cable car goes from garmisch-partenkirchen train station, 3.5 km away.
free tennis and paddle courts are available, as well as a 24-hour gym. there are exclusive pool areas in the infinity pool and the family pool, including hammocks.
activities in the surrounding area of la ruinette include skiing, cycling and hiking.
boasting an outdoor pool, wangthong hotel features rooms with a private balcony, 100 metres from thai-myanmar border at the mae sai. it has on-site parking facilities and free wi-fi in public areas.
all rooms are air conditioned and located on the ground floor.
the kitchen features an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
la maison de aava is a quaint guest house located in villa altagracia. it is just a 40-minute drive from santo domingo and features free wi-fi and free daily breakfast.
this charming, 2-storey house is located 1 km from the centre of historic begur.
situated in sozopol’s new town, apolis is just 70 metres from harmani beach.
free wi-fi is accessible in all areas.
room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
the hotel has a children's playground and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
offering a restaurant serving traditional extremaduran dishes, hostal el descanso del emperador is located in jarandilla de la vera.
the private bathroom has a shower and towels are included.
during high season, guests can enjoy an on site bar that offers delivery, a small movie theatre, a children's playground and a kiosk.
rooms include a tv. each room has a shared bathroom and some are air conditioned.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
internet access is also available.
featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the property is 2.3 km from heidelberg golf club and 4.4 km from erinvale golf club.
free public parking is possible on site.
you can relax in the elegant bar, and also have a snack to recharge your batteries. business guests can book the meeting room with 115 seating places, a hd projector and a hi-fi sound system.
rooms are spacious, featuring wooden furnishings and en suite bathrooms.
miami beach canyon ranch hotel and spa provides guest with a full service spa and salon.
como is 43 km from casamondrian, while locarno is 41 km away.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area.
public parking is possible on site at an additional cost.
guests will find a variety of restaurants, bars and supermarkets within walking distance from orion naxos.
the residents only licensed bar has a tv where guests can watch sky sports/movies.
the train station is just 1 km away.
an outdoor hot tub is available to all guests throughout their stay at this tennessee days inn gatlinburg on the river motel.
the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 4 km from apartment on khimshiashvili street 2.
merikarvianjoki center is 10 km away and pori is 41 km away.
indonesian and sundanese specialties are served at the radiant restaurant.
they have a seating area and a bathroom with a bathtub or a shower.
at riad arij you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
vienna woods can be reached within 6 minutes by car.
apartamentos trip soleil playa is located in central platja d’aro, right on the beachfront.
each room has an en suite bathroom, and guests can watch pay tv channels on the flat-screen tv.
kafe umbulan serves a variety of indonesian and international dishes.
bandung international airport is about 2 hours’ drive away.
the property offers free parking.
the kitchen at 2 marlborough court, tranquility apartment is fully equipped with a fridge, microwave, and an oven.
the bright apartments at hotel & restaurant utkiek feature classic interiors. all include a tv, private bathroom and great views of the river ryck or the greifswalder bodden lake.
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a multi-cuisine restaurant, avisa nila beach resort, a beachfront property is located on the tarkali beach.
at apartments ana you will find a terrace and barbecue facilities.
there is a private bathroom with a bath in each unit.
the arts & science center for southeast arkansas is a short drive from this pine bluff, arkansas hotel.
you will find a kettle in the room. each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
charlotte springhill suites hotel is 10 minutes' drive from the university of north carolina at charlotte and pnc music pavilion.
the nearest airport is las americas airport, 23 km from apartment catolica.
the assembly hall of chaozhou chinese congregation is 200 metres away, while the assembly hall of the hainan chinese congregation is 300 metres away.
it is situated in a beautiful area with a natural surrounding.
it offers a garden, free wi-fi and free parking.
as well as elegant interiors, a flat-screen tv and all rooms at the property have a private bathroom that comes with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the rooms feature an en suite bathroom, and offer a desk, tea/coffee making facilties and a flat-screen tv.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with towels.
goodapest apartment iii. offers pet-friendly accommodation in budapest, 400 metres from state opera house.
the kurtheatre bad kissingen theatre is an 8-minute walk away.
complejo alcaidia de magina is located in the charming andalusian hillside town of cambil.
free wi-fi is included in all guest rooms.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
each colonial parque apartment features a private terrace with views of the sea and la gomera.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the bright rooms at kolo 77 come with satellite tv and a refrigerator, as well as en suite bathroom facilities.
woodbridge park and wrag barn golf clubs are both within a 10-minute drive from the white hart.
the modern apartment has a balcony and a sofa. guests can cook in the kitchenette with a stove, microwave and fridge.
the restaurant serves daily breakfast in open buffet style.
ferienwohnung alpenblick is 500 metres from fiescheralp ski arena and 450 metres from dorfplatz bus stop, connecting to ski areas of aletsch, rieder and bettmer; offering a balcony and panoramic views, the self-catered accommodation comes with free wi-fi.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 24 km from the property.
larnaka international airport is 65 km away from the villa.
the city-view apartment is set in a bauhaus-designed building, and includes air conditioning, a washing machine and flat-screen tv.
additionally, guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, which also offers special diet menus.
the bars offer a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
an internet corner is available free of charge.
the gamsblick provides rooms with private and shared facilities.
daily breakfast service is available.
makarska bus station is at a distance of 800 metres, while the ferry port is within 1 km.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave and toaster are also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
apartments at el palmar are spacious and bright, and all have a large private terrace.
holiday home grusvejen slagelse iii is located in drøsselbjerg and offers accommodation for 8 people.
operating a 24-hour front desk to welcome and assist guests, coffee routes is located in thekkadi.
the property is 12 minutes’ drive from gulfarium marine adventure park.
it features an outdoor pool, 2 restaurants and free wi-fi in public areas.
room service is available.
the property offers free parking.
air-conditioned rooms come with a flat-screen tv cable channels. there is also an electric kettle.
some include a hydromassage shower.
featuring a relaxing ambience and a river view, all rooms are fitted with a flat-screen tv, a safety deposit box and an electric kettle.
the vadodara railway station is 1.5 km while vadodara airport (civil airport harni) is 6 km.
wi-fi access is available free of charge. a coffee machine, hair dryer and ironing facilities are also provided in each room.
here guests can warm up by the fireplace while they surf the free wi-fi.
it is 6 km from hisaronu district and 8 km from gemiler bay.
museum of genocide victims is 500 metres from jogailos apartments, while gediminas' tower is 800 metres from the property.
this apartment is only 250 metres from larvotto beach and less than 1 minute away from the monaco border.
garden city travelodge serves buffet breakfast every morning.
the property offers free parking.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment michele.
sozopol bus station can be reached within 2 km and burgas airport is set a 25-minute drive away.
the accommodation comprises a flat-screen tv, a terrace and a seating area.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv, blu-ray player and dvd player are provided.
a grocery store and some bars can be found within a 50 metres from the property.
the restaurant serves specialities from the south tyrol region.
gül resort features an outdoor swimming pool, bar and a restaurant serving a variety of dishes including traditional turkish cuisine.
each unit is fitted with a flat-screen tv, minibar and an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
ibis rooms have modern wood furnishings and are decorated in neutral colours.
this hotel features free wi-fi and an outdoor pool on site for all guests.
the restaurant specialises in cuisine from the abruzzo region.
air conditioning and heating are provided in all accommodations.
you can enjoy the pool views from within.
free private parking is available on site.
food-tasting tours, car rental and tours can be organised for you, when requested in advance.
the completely fitted kitchenette comes with a dining area, a dishwasher and a stovetop with an oven.
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities and a hairdryer.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
free private parking is available on site.
pulkovo airport is 23 km away.
the village centre with restaurants, bars and shops is only 20 metres away.
internet is free at the hotel.
the centre of hvar is just 300 metres away, while a pebbly beach can be found 500 metres from the property.
sunshine international hotel is a 5-minute drive from nandajie shopping area and people’s park.
situated walking distance from the filey seafront, cherries offers spacious self-catering accommodation in a detached house.
the taman tasik titiwangsa park is a 15-minute drive from mansion cameo, while the kuala lumpur international airport is 70 km away.
saint basil's cathedral is 8 km from domumetro ryazanskiy prospekt, while gum department store is 8 km from the property.
guangzhou angel baby theme hotel offers accommodation in guangzhou. it is located a 5-minute walk from hanxi chimelong metro station (line 3) and chimelong paradise.
lincetur cabañeros - centro de turismo rural is located in the beautiful toledo mountains, which are ideal for hiking, horse riding and other outdoor activities.
georgioupolis is 48 km from anastasia apartments, while agia galini is 36 km away.
rooms are decorated with a warm colour palette and include a fridge, a writing desk and a flat-screen tv.
some rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower, while others feature access to a shared bathroom.
laundry facilities are available on site.
at prime park hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
free toiletries, slippers and a hairdryer are provided in the private bathroom.
kuala lumpur international airport is 44 km away.
this holiday home is 73 km from w. a. mozart airport.
hotel zenu is located in monteria, just steps away from the sinu river.
a breakfast buffet is available in the stylish dining room with a fireplace.
free private parking is provided.
the nearest airport is gelendzhik airport, 5 km from the property.
the staff will be very happy to greet you in the rin express, and the 2 restaurants which together seat up to 230 guests offer rustic, homely dishes as well as international cuisine.
the two bedroom apartment got one bedroom with a double bed and one bedroom with a single bed.
ozerkovskaya naberezhnaya is a 5-minute walk from the property.
guests can use the fully equipped kitchen to prepare their own meals.
set in an 11th-century convent in iano town centre, podere le monache features a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and manicured gardens.
bovec holiday house offers pet-friendly accommodation in bovec.
ustica's centre is just 1 km from the hotel.
the hostel offers free parking and staff are happy to provide area information.
zakopane train station is about 5 km away and so is the popular krupówki street with shops and restaurants.
the shared bathroom facilties are located in the corridor.
in the village of ystalyfera, ty-ni guest house lies just outside the brecon beacons national park and overlooks the darren mountain. around 30 minutes’ drive from swansea and mumbles, this guest house provides free parking and wifi.
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port are 13 km from the property.
the chalet has a washing machine, ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms.
the apartments are built from stone. they enjoy a superb view of the hills and coastline.
numerous restaurants and bars can be found 500 metres away, while a grocery store can be reached in just a few steps.
the air-conditioned dormitory rooms at the stup are functionally furnished and come with a small seating area and a wardrobe.
functionally furnished rooms with air-conditioning are provided at hotel mario, situated in eforie nord. guests can benefit from the hotel’s 24-hour front desk, free wifi access and free private parking.
the complex is situated in the centre of playa del carmen, just 2 blocks from lively fifth avenue.
the historic temples, wat chedi luang and wat chiang man are a 10-minute walk.
free wifi access and free private on-site parking is available.
each is fitted with a private balcony, a fridge and tea/coffee making facilities. bathroom facilities are en suite.
guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant on site.
distance from the closest shopping opportunity is 3,8 km, restaurant - 7,6 km.
lavagna and cavi train stations are 1.5 km away, for services to genoa and monterosso al mare in the beautiful cinque terre region.
free private parking is possible on site.
all bar proceeds go towards alzheimers research uk.
the nearest airport is u-tapao international airport, 27 km from the property.
arbatax harbour, where ferries to civitavecchia leave, is a 25-minute drive away.
each morning the makarim serves a buffet breakfast with pastries and hot tea.
malmö is 37 km from smygehus havsbad, while lund is 41 km away.
the air-conditioned house has a living room with a sofa bed and tv.
free tea bags are available.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property, complete with a tour desk and a currency exchange service.
local specialities such as nyonya cuisine are featured at majestic malacca hotel’s the mansion restaurant.
each one has a private bathroom with a shower.
the historic town of nin is 68 km from rooms ropuš, while zadar is 69 km away.
samaria gorge is at a distance of 45 km, while the famous beaches of falasarna and balos 29 km away.
tuapse train station 9 km away.
metz-nancy-lorraine airport is 28 km away.
le hoang villa is a detached double situated in da lat and featuring a garden with a sun terrace.
each one has a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
a modern equestrian centre and an organic victorian spa are on site.
set 400 metres from the sea front and the beach la grande plage, au bon coin offers a bar, lift, terrace and free wifi throughout.
there is also a snack bar.
complete with a microwave, the kitchen also has a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
the rooms at hotel les lacs resort are air conditioned and equipped with a seating area, a cable tv and a minibar.
this hotel offers comfortable guestrooms equipped with modern en suite facilities.
each room at the apogeum offers a private bathroom with shower, as well as a flat-screen tv.
they have a warm touch of colour and wooden fittings.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
at studio patong by icheck inn you will find a 24-hour front desk and laundry facilities.
the property organises safari jeep tours to yala & bundala national parks.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle. a flat-screen tv and ps3 are available.
bertrand villa provides free wi-fi and a fully-equipped kitchen.
this traditional, family-run guest house offers cosy accommodation in the town centre of kiefersfelden, at the foot of the wilden kaiser mountains, right at the austrian border.
the theme park plopsaland is 2 km away.
this is an ideal option for a well-deserved break, in the tranquil heart of the costa del sol.
geißkopf ski-lift is 5 km from the hotel.
guests can easily visit the westerwald hills and the rhine castles on a day trip from here.
these north london studios are less than 100 metres from manor house tube station and the green finsbury park.
las mariposas club boasts an outdoor pool, terrace and lush garden.
at christella maisonettes guests will find a garden.
they feature a lounge with a cable tv, a well-equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom with hairdryer and free toiletries.
situated in the scenic area of limnia, 100 metres from the beach of lefkathia, porto limnia offers air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi and balcony.
beverages like wine, beer, juices and coffee in the buffet area during breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered free of charge.
there is a cozy restaurant where the staff serves breakfasts daily.
the guest house offers spectacular sea views from its restaurant, the butcher’s grill.
guests at la serena ocean apartment suite can relax in the spa or exercise in the fitness centre.
offering accommodation with air conditioning, apartments milacic is set in budva, 1.7 km from mogren beach.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
situated on the first floor boglárka apartman features a private entrance, a seating area, a tv with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen, a cd-player and ironing facilities.
you can enjoy a garden view from the home.
a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
it is a boutique hotel with a swimming pool and sauna.
the hosteria’s restaurant serves traditional spanish cuisine and guests can dine on its attractive terrace.
located in the village of treschietto, it comes with a shared lounge and free parking.
the communal lunge has a fireplace designed by the owners.
with fantastic views of rothiemurchus forest and the cairngorm mountains, this motel offers spacious rooms with original artwork by local artists.
when ready to go out, ask the tour desk for advice.
facilities offered on site include a ticket service, a luggage storage and free wifi in public areas.
villa l12 danang is an exquisite property featuring a spacious, three-bedroom villa with a private pool and free wifi. there is a restaurant, fitness centre and barbecue facilities for guests to enjoy.
the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner. it offers regional and national cuisine with special menus on request.
evroapartment on moskovskaya offers self-catering accommodation in saint-petersburg, 600 metres from pobedy square.
parking is available 600 metres away, while a bus stops just in front of the property.
at albergue de sorogain you will find a garden, a terrace and a bar.
the resort is 14 km from chaweng beach.
each bright, colourful room at days inn south padre is furnished with a cable tv. a microwave, refrigerator, and coffee machine are available for preparing and storing in-room meals.
meals can be prepared in the well-equipped kitchen and enjoyed on the balcony during warm weather.
each has a tv and hairdryer.
free private parking is also available on site.
the fully equipped kitchen includes kitchenware.
the heidelberg main train station is just 13 km away.
puerto madero neighbourhood is 1.5 km away and retiro bus terminal is 2 km away.
daily housekeeping service is provided.
situated in los angeles, 3 km from getty center, brentwood apartment features free wifi access and free private parking.
altstadtgasthof krone is located in the old town district of eschwege, just 200 metres from eschwege castle.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and satellite channels.
the hotel is located within a 14-minute drive from barahona’s town centre where guests can find restaurants, markets and coffee shops.
nearest restaurant, bar and mini-market are all within a 50-metre radius from the angela.
supermarkets are a short walk from zuhra apartment.
free parking is also available.
the main train station is 1.3 km away.
novo rio bus station is 10.4 km from copacabana posto 2, while santos dumont domestic airport is 8.5 km away. maracanã stadium is at a distance of 15 km and galeão international airport is located 25.7 km away.
rendez vous hotel is a 10-minute drive from jungceylon shopping centre and a 10-minute drive from phuket fantasea on kamala beach.
bright and airy, all units at caramel grecotel boutique resort open out to a balcony. each includes a flat-screen tv, a minibar and safe.
a free shuttle service to the abzakovo ski lift (1.5 km) can be arranged by usadba elovoe’s 24-hour reception staff.
los cancajos is 13 km from casa morrison, while barlovento is 23 km away.
the apartment will provide you with a living room, with a double sofa bed, an open kitchen, and a bathroom.
secure, private parking and garages are available on site, upon prior reservation and subject to availability.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with household appliances, kitchenware and cutlery.
rooms are quiet and comfortable with satellite tv, telephone and private bathroom with hair dryer.
this savonlinna property offers self-catering accommodation within 3 km of olavinlinna castle.
free wifi is available in all areas.
bologna guglielmo marconi airport is 5 km from the property.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, horizon bay tangalle is located in tangalle in the hambantota district region, 3.2 km from mulkirigala rock monastery. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
ifco chowk metro station is only 3 km away, while sarojini nagar market is 6 km from the hotel.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a terrace and a seating area.
an optional breakfast buffet is offered at gästehaus deidesheim for an additional charge.
the hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, room service, and meeting facilities.
guests staying at the third square furnished apartments can also expect a clothes washer and a tumble dryer.
the rooms offer independent heating and most have a private balcony.
cacao beach is 400 metres from the property.
you may find 7-11 convenience store less than 100 metres away from the hotel entrance.
located in campoamor, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony and a garden with an outdoor pool and a terrace.
the kitchen also features a dishwasher.
the modern guestrooms at the hotel are equipped with a flat-screen cable/satellite tv, minibar and a tea/coffee maker.
this apartment has 2 double bedrooms and 2 bathroom with a shower, hairdryer, and free toiletries.
the hotel offers free on-site parking.
muro alto beach is only 1 km away. maracaípe beach is 5 km from pousada sossego suítes.
all of our guest rooms feature well-equipped kitchens that include microwaves, refrigerators, coffee makers, two-burner cook tops, cooking utensils, cookware and dishes.
it has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available, as well.
holiday home peter malersvej blåvand ii is located in blåvand and it can accommodate up to twelve guests.
a tv is featured.
spezia metro station and molinette hospital are a 5-minute walk away.
telese terme spa town is 30 km away.
apartment georgia offers accommodation in athens, 5 km from stavros niarchos foundation cultural center and just a short walk from supermarkets and beach bars.
gloria mini hotel features a shared lounge where tea is served around the clock for free and an on-site parking with video surveillance.
both free wifi and private parking are available on site.
bluemarina apartamente is located in mamaia, 100 metres from h2o beach, and offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access and free parking.
the well-lit rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a minibar, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
cala de la font is 300 metres from vikingo, while house of illusion is 2.8 km from the property.
the resort is 16 km from phraya phichai monument. it is 20 km from borlek nam phi and 40 km from sirikit dama.
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a flat-screen satellite tv. there is also an electric kettle.
free beach towels are provided, and bathrooms are fitted with a hairdryer.
private bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities and free toiletries.
appartement descartes is an apartment located in paris, 800 metres from notre dame cathedral. the unit is 1.6 km from pompidou centre.
bicycles and rowing boats can be rented at sparrens bed and breakfast.
room service is also available.
limited free private parking is available in the premises.
freiburg citynah - hell, ruhig, gemütlich features free wifi throughout the property, which is located in a quiet cul-de-sac.
they can get active on the tennis court and play minigolf in the adjacent woody sports park.
guests can watch dvds in the shared living room.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
each room offers a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a wardrobe.
hotel quality aeropuerto has free on-site parking.
guests can laze around the pool or work up a sweat at the fitness centre.
it features an exterior veranda next to the brenta shore, where meals can be enjoyed in the greenery.
casa beira-rio paraty holiday homes come equipped with ceiling fans, a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware and a tv.
rooms at the villa dionori feature tiled floors, tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries, bathrobe and a hairdryer.
castelo hotel rooms include a flat-screen tv equipped with cable.
your free breakfast to-go can be found on the first floor and is included in the price of the reservation.
a buffet breakfast is served on a sea-view terrace.
it also has a garden and a restaurant with a terrace.
simply furnished yet comfortable, rooms at villa kunterbunt offer shared or private bathroom facilities and ceiling fans.
it offers beautiful countryside views and a quiet location.
when the weather is fine, katrineberg’s outdoor pool becomes a popular place to spend the day.
the spacious kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, fridge and a large dining table.
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
some have a balcony, others offer mountain views.
the friendly staff at villa jonas can assist with grocery delivery services, car hire and airport shuttle at an additional charge.
guests can store their belongings in the safety deposit boxes at the front desk, while free parking space is provided for guests who drive.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave.
transamérica expo center is 900 metres from hotel pousada elegance, while teatro alfa is 1.1 km away.
lake trasimeno is 20 minutes' drive away.
some rooms have lake van views.
treviso airport is a 50-minute drive from the property.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 19 km away.
the property is 700 metres from bijeca sand beach.
guests can play a few rounds of golf 7 minutes’ drive away at monroe city golf course.
guests enjoy special rates at a nearby beach.
these rural villas are set in a picturesque location, in sur del torcal and only 25 minutes ‘drive of antequera.
it offers private check-in, free one-way airport pick up and a complimentary fruit basket upon arrival.
bentota train station is 3 km from the property, while katunayake international airport is 100 km away.
puerto de pollensa beach is 6 km away.
a supermarket is located 900 metres away.
the 3-bedroom house has a living room with a fireplace, sofa and satellite flat-screen tv.
located 500 metres from san cosme metro station, dos casas b&b offers a tea garden, a terrace and bright, stylish rooms with free wi-fi and private bathrooms.
it features large windows providing panoramic views of the grounds.
krivoy rog city centre is a 15-minute drive away.
some rooms include views of the mountains or garden.
pensiunea denisa features free wifi throughout the property.
the kurpark garmisch spa gardens are only 1 km away.
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is available at haus sunnseitn.
vending machines are also offered at inn cherokee.
guests can reach palm jumeirah with a 10 minutes' drive.
the restaurant miró serves a range of regional and international dishes for lunch and dinner.
it features free internet, a restaurant, and air-conditioned rooms with views of the city.
the rooms offer spacious and simple interiors. they come equipped with a cable tv and a telephone.
simply furnished, cosy rooms come with a fan, clothes rack, a small desk and clean linens.
residence l’nagler has a laundry room with washing machine in the basement and a free outdoor car park.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv with cable channels and air conditioning. there is also an electric kettle.
palace square is 900 metres from triumph, while admiralty building is 1 km away.
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport, 24 km from the property.
you can make use of bike storage and parking.
free private parking is available on site.
the 4-temps shopping center is a 15-minute walk from the aparthotel and offers shops, restaurants and a cinema.
the property offers free parking.
the chennai central railway station is 5 km away while the chennai international airport is 12 km.
some are suitable for disabled guests.
offa’s dyke national trail is accessible through the properties garden and chepstow train station is 2.5 miles from the property.
just 5 minutes' walk from the sandy pineto beach, sogni d'oro - guest house offers rooms with a private balcony.
other facilities like ticket service, tour desk and luggage storage are offered.
some room types also comes with a seating area and ironing facilities.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the poseidon gardens spa are a 20-minute walk from villa antonio, while casamicciola terme is 6 km away.
the restaurant serves traditional czech cuisine.
the mosque of sultan al-muayyad is 1.5 km from the grand hotel.
free parking is available on site.
casa del mare is 700 metres from cala nave beach.
local restaurants are available in ponte da barca’s centre, just 4 km away.
the rio marinas apartment complex is situated overlooking the beach and only one kilometre from the lovely seaside town of nerja, in the andalusia region.
the refurbished cobar motor inn is 6 minutes' drive from great cobar heritage centre. it is 20 minutes' drive from cobar airport.
it is a 25-minute drive from the city centre and a 40-minute drive from kuala lumpur international airport.
bed linen and towels are provided, as well.
a separate seating area with a sofa bed, cable tv, and dining area are provided in every home from homes4uu kissimmee vacation homes. each holiday home is fully furnished and uniquely decorated.
there are also several restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the accommodation.
a tv with satellite channels is featured.
the west dennis light and the west dennis beach are 3 miles away.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and horse riding.
each has a private bathroom and a seating area, as well as a safe and work desk.
room service can be arranged upon request.
the beachfront restaurant serves delicious local and international dishes, and offers free wi-fi.
apartamento dantas copacabana offers a fitness centre, free wifi and panoramic sea views.
bar and restaurants are found 200 metres away, and barra grande pier is 300 metres from villa mares. barra grande village centre is also 300 metres away.
you can also benefit from the shared kitchen to store your food or cook your own meals.
guests can relax with a refreshing drink in the bar. the property offers a fitness centre.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
free wifi is accessible in all areas.
the spacious rooms and apartments are furnished in a modern alpine style and feature satellite tv and a bathroom.
alicante airport is located 69 km away.
guests can request for laundry and luggage storage services.
dam square is 15 minutes by foot.
guests can visit siatista’s wine distilleries, or browse the many fur shops available.
ski storage is also provided.
the nevsky apartments offers guests discounts on day trips to the suburbs and canals of st. petersburg.
the many fascinating local attractions range from the former gold mine at roudny, 2 km away, to the chynovske caves, 30 km away.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and satellite channels.
free private parking is available on site.
peacefully located in the protected area of moravsky kras and 19 km from macocha gorge, lux hotel onyx offers a lush garden with a pool and a hot tub and a wellness area.
el plumerillo airport is 12 km away.
room service is available upon request.
they are all furnished in greek and ottoman style, and traditionally decorated with handcrafts.
a mini-market and a restaurant can be found on site.
the restaurant offers homemade regional dishes.
all rooms at rhoslyn hotel are individually decorated and each room has its own flat-screen tv and tea and coffee making facilities. most rooms are en suite, whilst others have their own separate, private shower and toilet facilities.
at romaguera guest house you will find a shared kitchen where you can prepare your own meals.
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
breakfast is served in the common breakfast room at the belvedere guest house, at an additional cost.
chile adventure experience is a short stroll from an array of restaurants and shops.
built in 1853, the schloss-hotel kittendorf provides individually furnished rooms and suites with chandeliers and lovely garden views.
each room at pesa includes ash wooden furniture and parquet floors.
you will find a kettle in the room.
with two balconies, each apartment features a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a spa bath.
the bed and breakfast is 3.2 km from calgary university.
located in velten, the family-run gasthof velten offers comfortable rooms just 25 km from the heart of berlin.
at cubitá boutique resort & spa you will find a restaurant. other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and a tour desk.
longchi hot-spring hotel features a common lounge area for guests to relax.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with laundry, airport shuttle and luggage storage services.
it features a hearty breakfast and individually decorated rooms with free wi-fi.
all rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a wardrobe and a desk.
guests can enjoy refreshing beverages at the pavilion bar.
six flags over texas amusement park is within 10 minutes’ drive of the motel.
on the house is a 20-minute drive from nizamuddin railway station and new delhi railway station.
the cosy common is a nice place to relax and chat with others. it has a selection of books and magazines. other facilities include a patio, rose garden and washing machine and dryer.
free private parking is available on site.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
featuring free wifi, jj house offers accommodation in ubud.
the 24-hour front desk can store luggage, handle dry cleanings and provide tourist information.
the beach is 1 kilometers away.
some apartments feature a private terrace.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with slippers provided.
free wifi and air conditioning are available in this holiday home, along with a large, private sauna, row boat and kayak.
the private bathroom includes complimentary toiletries.
upon request, an experienced masseuse can give guests a relaxing massage in their villa.
the outdoor pool of freibad ischgl and the indoor pool of silvretta center are 5 minutes further.
the property feature a balcony from which mountain and garden views can be seen, there is a blu-ray player and satellite flat-screen tv.
guests can approach the tour desk for further travel assistance, ticketing services and rental car arrangements.
panos studios is located in the scenic village of stafylos in skopelos, 500 metres from the beach.
the tiled kitchen includes all the appliances to prepare meals, and guests can enjoy them on the furnished balcony.
pula airport is 55 km away.
private bathroom comes with a shower.
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
all have a private bathroom, and a hairdryer is available upon request.
featuring an on-site outdoor pool, this self-catering accommodation is located beachfront in porto de galinhas and offers a private beach area.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a microwave.
a tv is featured in some units.
just beyond the boundaries of the hotel lie some excellent sights such as god's window, the blyde river canyon and other scenic glories.
extras include bed linen.
the apartment features chic décor, high ceilings and a balcony with sea views.
the historical old town area is also a 15-minute drive.
villa dei pini's excellent location is just a short car ride away from interesting tourist sights like the castellana grotte, the trulli of alberobello, bari, ostuni, lecce, matera.
its seating area features large sofas and a flat-screen tv, and there are 4 private bathrooms.
in the evenings, varied drinks and snacks are served in the stylish bar.
centrally located in the village of terchová, penzión šibenica is 4 km from vrátna ski resort.
the restaurant, using local products, specialises in trentino dishes.
the surrounding area offers a range of outdoor activities, including kayaking, and cycling.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
a continental breakfast in served every morning free of charge in the kitchen.
dormitory rooms with fine wooden flooring and ceiling-high windows are available at the yulana hostel on nevsky.
the property is a 10-minute walk from roma ostiense train station.
fiera rimini exhibition centre is 1.5 km away, as is the italia in miniatura theme park.
located in the centre of eilat, apartments for rent in eliat is just a 5-minute walk away from the beach and the seaside promenade.
a ski bus stops a 3-minute walk away and operates every 15 minutes.
luis eduardo magalhães international airport is 6 km away.
it offers bed and breakfast accommodation, free wifi and free private parking.
this 1-bedroom, air-conditioned apartment features a private terrace with mountain views. there is a full kitchen including a washing machine, full-sized hob and oven.
on-site at the lexington green hilton suites, guests can enjoy dining at polo's restaurant and cocktails at chukker's lounge.
it offers a balcony with garden and mountain views.
the modern kitchen includes a dishwasher and a microwave.
they each have a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
located a 3-minute walk from the black sea shore in adler, kolibri guest house offers free parking.
an indonesian restaurant is available within a 5-minute walk from the property and breakfast is served in the room.
free private parking is possible on site.
dark wood tables with fine places settings are featured at the restaurant onsite.
ahoy rotterdam is located 15 kilometers away.
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
at mayak you will find a communal sauna and a 24-hour front desk.
ubud monkey forest is 2.6 km from villa alam surya ubud, while ubud market is 2.7 km from the property.
accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator. private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
the house comprises 4 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and 2 bathrooms with shower.
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
free wifi access and a flat-screen tv are provided in this self-catering apartment.
located 200 metres from caicó's aabb, pousada bom gosto offers free wi-fi in public areas, 24-hour front desk service and a restaurant.
a few metres from the beach and 2.5 km from rethymno town, summer dream in missiria features a swimming pool and a sun terrace.
holiday home brattenvej jerup ii is located in jerup. the apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open terrace.
trips to jerusalem, the dead sea and masada can be organised.
offering a sun terrace and views of the garden, appartement stemval is set in budva.
featuring free wifi, ilias apartments ipsos is located in ipsos of corfu. located 600 metres from the beach, it offers bike and car rental services.
ironing service and laundry facilities are available and an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
staff speaks english, spanish, portuguese, italian and french.
a microwave and refrigerator are provided upon request.
surrounded by beautiful nature, snowtrail dogcamp lodge is 45 km north of gällivare.
located in central gori, stalin guest house is a homelike guest house just 140 metres from the stalin museum, and 800 metres from the gori fortress.
wifi is free throughout.
it is within an hour’s drive from solang valley and kullu bhuntar airport.
extras include slippers and free toiletries.
free internet access is also available at the hotel's internet point in the lobby.
guests can prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchen or visit one of the many restaurants within 500 metres serving seafood and fish dishes.
it is 40 km from annecy and 79 km from chamonix.
at khang phu hotel, guests will find a 24-hour front desk.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared tv lounge, library, games room and tour desk.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
airport shuttle can be arranged upon charge.
scenic devonshire coastal towns, beaches and dartmoor national park are all within a 15-minute drive.
it offers an easy keyless entry system and free wifi.
the private bathrooms come with shower and hairdryer.
the apartment is classically furnished and features a combined living and sleeping area.
the newly built nestorinranta villa will provide you with a flat-screen tv and a patio.there is also a full kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave.
bright and spacious, apartments at eara feature tiled floors and private balconies overlooking the mountains. self-catering facilities include microwaves, refrigerators and dining areas.
the danube river is located 1.4 km from the property.
grand case bay is 6 km from the blue bay beach hotel, while marigot is 10 km away.
free private parking is possible on site and free wi-fi access is available across the property.
bed linen and towels are provided, and free wifi is available.
a restaurant is next door to the hostel, and a supermarket is 150 metres away.
the 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage.
guests of this hotel have easy access to a variety of dining options including hilltop restaurant and mulligan's irish pub each just 1 mile away.
it is just 100 metres from chaumont train station and the town centre.
each cottage is separated by gardens and has a lounge and dining area with flat-screen tv and dvd/cd player.
daily maid services are available at gatlinburg inn.
conference room is also available. free enclosed private parking is possible on site.
the spacious apartments of contemporary design all feature a private terrace or balcony with a seating area.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
a full english or continental breakfast can be enjoyed either in the elegant dining room or outside on the pool deck.
the apartment offers free private parking on-site
sofia airport is 160 km away.
hotel tsentralnaya features free wifi .
a flat-screen tv with cable channels, as well as a cd player are offered. you will find a coffee machine in the room.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
simply-furnished rooms at topaz residence are equipped with air conditioning, soundproofing and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. rooms come with a seating area with outdoor furniture and a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
the apartment comes with a flat-screen tv, a kitchenette with a microwave a dishwasher, an electric kettle, a fridge and a gas hob.
campo santa margherita is a 12-minute walk from the property.
it also has a wonderful view of the city or the hotel gardens from the floor-to-ceiling windows.
this one-bedroom apartment is furnished with a corner sofa, a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
the on site restaurant offers delicious home cooking, and guests may collect the free range eggs for their breakfast during a morning stroll.
choose from a selection of traditional, local recipes, and mediteranean flavours.
located in agrigento centre, 300 metres from the dome, incantevole loft has a modern style.
you will find a kettle in the room. each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
a supermarket is located 3 km from the property.
pension pod věží is located right in the centre of kolín, just 100 metres from the karlovo namesti main square, and offers you colourfully styled rooms with free wi-fi, a café and a spa area.
gala hotel is located in the centre of surgut and occupies the upper floors of the tallest city's skyscraper, offering views of the city and the ob river.
each one boasts a tv set, private bathroom and free wi-fi.
some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
verona la quinta inn and suites is 15 minutes’ drive to the international boxing hall of fame.
also there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
at village hwangnamguan hanok, you will find a garden, a terrace and a cafe/bar.
featuring a 24-hour front desk, the homestay has its own garden.
the plan de guadalupe airport is 8 minutes from the hotel and there is free airport shuttle.
dimovi guest house is 200 metres away from the city centre, where grocery shops and dining alternatives are available.
arborétum mlyňany is 30 km away.
the kitchen is modern and includes built-in appliances and a dining table with 7 chairs.
located 5 km from goreme open air museum, this pension offers panoramic valley and village views.
free wifi access is available.
the docholliday house is a 10 minutes' drive from the grapevine mills shopping centre and 4.4 kilometers from legoland discovery center.
featuring access to an outdoor pool, secic villa hameaux des sanguinaires offers accommodation in ajaccio, 2.8 km from sanguinaires islands and parata tower. free private parking is featured.
guests staying at karü domos del fuy can go on rafting trips on fuy river or schedule trekking trips for an extra fee.
the private bathrooms include a shower and free toiletries, and beach towels are also provided.
the inn also offers car hire.
a laundry service is available and you can hire a car or order a taxi from reception.
the private bathrooms also come with a shower.
a covered outdoor terrace boasts a fireplace.
several local restaurants are available within 300 metres of the property, serving both traditional portuguese meals and tapas.
the portuguese sierra de san mamede nature reserve is set only 300 metres from the property.
delacruz is located in marsaskala, 500 metres from the seafront.
hamner springs thermal reserve is only 250 metres from cheltenham house bed and breakfast.
it is 3 km to galeria bronowice shopping centre and 7 km to błonia park.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as a cd player are offered.
the nh valencia center’s restaurant serves international and mediterranean dishes for lunch and dinner.
the unesco-protected plitvice lakes national park is 40 km away.
free private parking is possible at the property.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 14 km away.
laundry and ironing services are offered.
the nearest airport is lviv international airport, 7 km from the property.
located in the heart of the historic stellenbosch, this classical 19th century guest house offers luxurious rooms.
the family-run casa rural altzibar-berri is set in countryside, 17 km from san sebastian.
featuring a spa bath, the private bathroom also comes with a shower and towels.
guests are invited to prepare meals in the apartment’s open-plan kitchenette, which has a microwave.
the nearest airport is adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport, 15 km from the property.
hangzhou peacock hotel is 5 km from wulin square. it is 20 km from xiaoshan railway station and 25 km from xiaoshan international airport.
housed in a 19th-century building, it offers free wifi and discounted rates at a partner spa centre.
a choice of english and continental breakfast is served at the restaurant, which also offers high teas and dinners.
it features clean rooms with free wi-fi and a sun terrace offering views of yangshuo town and surrounding mountains.
the apartment comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom with a bathtub, as well as a fireplace.
bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
there is also a finnish sauna and a russian steam room.
located in prague city centre, spa hotel carolline is a unesco heritage-listed building from the 16th century.
the private bathroom includes a bathtub.
each room here will provide you with comfortable stay and a balcony.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
500 metres away, guests can reach the glemmy offroad park, offering off-road quad tours, parcours and snow karting.
landelijk vakantiehuis amsterdam is a self-catering accommodation located 7 km from central station.
aside from a business centre, the resort provides free parking.
lucky lake hostel features free wi-fi and bicycle rental.
centrally located in rome, relais merulana is a guest house set 550 metres from manzoni metro station. it offers air-conditioned rooms and free wifi, all a 10-minute walk from the coliseum.
the bathroom is shared.
the property provides accommodation in bungalows and holiday homes.
hotel khail is located in the picturesque village of maria lanzendorf, a 15-minute away drive from vienna airport.
the famously narrow punkaharju ridge is 45 minutes’ drive from pajarinhovi, while the russian border at niirala is a 1-hour journey.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
panorama stoykite apartments also features a bar and a garden. free ski storage is offered, and guests can buy a ski pass on site.
each room has an electric kettle, a flat-screen tv or tv and a seating area.
staff at the front desk can assist with airport shuttle, laundry and ticketing services.
located on the cliffs of fira, cori rigas suites features a freshwater swimming pool and a furnished sun terrace with spectacular views of the santorini volcano and the aegean sea.
it offers bright rooms with free wi-fi.
offering outdoor pool, hotel & suites coral is located in puerto vallarta, 2.5 km from the city centre, 750 metres from the beach and 5 minutes’ walk from the main shopping centres.
a bus stopping 200 metres from residenza anna takes you to the train station.
the hostel also offers a fully equipped shared kitchen and an outdoor area with bbq facilities.
the air-conditioned unit is 22 km from lerici.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and fishing.
each room here will provide guests with air conditioning, a cable flat-screen tv and a telephone.
a cable tv and a sofa are provided in all rooms at travelodge calgary south.
other facilities offered include luggage storage and ski storage.
the town of ioannina is 42 km away.
just 5 minutes’ walk from otago university, alhambra oaks offers accommodation with flat-screen satellite tv and 1 hour of free wi-fi access per day. it features a 24-hour front desk and free on-site parking.
guests have access to a shared garden with tables and chairs.
free parking is available at a nearby location.
marquês de pombal square is 15 minutes’ walk away.
packed lunches are available on request and a vending machine is provided.
after a day exploring the algarve coast, guests can relax on a poolside sun lounger while gazing at the boats anchored at the marina.
the mamonal industrial zone is just a 10-minute drive from the property, while rafael nuñez international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
lérins abbey is 5 km from immogroom rentals - beautiful attic apartment, while les princes casino is 300 metres away. the nearest airport is nice côte d'azur airport, 19 km from beautiful attic apartment.
restaurants, bars and grocers can be reached within a walking distance.
in the village there is a swimming pool in a forest setting, complete with a sunbathing meadow and a snack bar. there is also a bowling alley, a private jukebox museum, a glass museum and well-marked hiking trails with beautiful views.
each floor is inspired on a different region.
during french school holidays, july and august, entertainment is organised on site and there is a children's club.
the amakhala game reserve hosts an abundance of wild animals and birds.
offering free wifi, studio terra amata is a self-catering accommodation located in nice. the property is a 5-minute walk from the port and and 1 km from nice’s old town.
after discovering nearby sites on a guided tour, adults can relax with a massage in the full-service spa, while the kids have fun in the kid's club.
black horse and walthamstow railway stations are a 5-minute drive from the albert.
apartment on sibirskaya offers accommodation in novyy urengoy.
newquay zoo is 9 minutes' drive away and newquay train station is 1.8 miles away.
poggibonsi train station is 12 km from antica posta.
casas rurales mirador al castillo is located in paracuellos de la vega, 40 minutes’ drive from cuenca.
rooms include a tv.
egyptian cotton bed linen and towels are provided.
state academic opera and ballet is 2.1 km from apartment domovoy na chelyuskintsev, while ploshchad 1905 goda is 2.2 km from the property.
offering a bath or shower, the private bathroom comes with towels.
this family-run complex features a terrace and apartments with a private balcony.
at blue clouds homestay you will find a tour desk and a 24-hour front desk.
a washing machine is also available.
apartmanok. the bus stop is 1 km away, the croatian border is 8 km away and the town of pécs is 20 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
featuring an outdoor swimming pool, alacati yamacevi - adult only is located only 300 metres from the centre of alacati.
place bellecour is 1.2 km away and lyon-part-dieu train station is 2 km from the apartment. old lyon and cathedrale st.
this holiday home is 90 km from billund airport.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
free buses for ski lifts to the adamello ski area stop right in front of the hotel.
some rooms also have a balcony or terrace.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
bungalows at aguada chica are fully-furnished.
the guest house can help organise excursions and visits of the area.
leitariegos ski resort can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
the spa centre at grand nar hotel includes a turkish bath, sauna and massage services.
all holiday homes here feature a flat-screen satellite tv, a spa bath and a kitchenette.
on-site conveniences include laundry service, shared kitchen facilities and dining area.
all rooms are equipped with electric blankets and satellite tv. the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
it offers free wi-fi in all areas and boutique rooms fusing art déco and oriental designs.
cross-country skiing, ski touring, snowshoe hiking and cycling are popular activities in the region.
mercato vecchio b&b is 100 metres from romeo and juliet’s house, while the arena of verona is a 10-minute walk away.
hostel abbaye royale is a 40-minute drive to niort and a 1-hour drive to la rochelle and ile de ré.
lisbon international airport is a 6-minute drive from flh beato.
the homestay also offers car hire.
air-conditioned guest rooms come with 2 free bottles of mineral water, a personal safe and cable television.
featuring a terrace with mountain views, rooms come with a tv and work desk.
the roof terrace offers charming city views.
en suite bathrooms come with a bathtub, shower and free toiletries.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
the property is at a 35-minute drive from kandy city.
tours to the historical sites in the city centre of madaba can be organised by queen ayola's 24-hour reception.
the family-run appartementhotel arche noah features spacious, peaceful rooms and apartments which offer all the modern amenities you need for short-term or long-term stays.
the bus terminal is 2 km away.
private parking is free.
a living room with a flat-screen tv and dvd player are included.
you can enjoy city view.
situated directly on the shore of the lake balaton, 2 km from the siofok’s city centre, silver beach retro hotel features a 1-km long private beach and a wide variety of leisure activities.
centrally located in novorossiysk, next to the public park area, brigantina hotel offers comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free wi-fi.
there is also a 990 square meters natural plot.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive from siantar waterpark and 1 hour away from lake toba.
free breakfast and wi-fi is offered to all guests.
the indira gandhi international airport is 21 km away.
extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
offering an indoor and an outdoor pool and a large garden, yaev hotel is set a 5-minute drive from the centre of karlovo.
each also comes with an outdoor seating area with tables and chairs.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
surrounded by vast gardens in the heart of the colourful and blooming countryside, this hotel is the ideal place to relax and be immersed in nature.
muir station shopping complex is within a 5-minute drive.
a private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
other facilities at scandic pori include a bar and children's play area.
located in the centre of lviv, just 500 metres to the opera theatre, apartis chornovola av offers self-catering accommodation with free wi-fi.
it also offers free wi-fi access and has a library on disposition.
featuring free wifi and a 24-hour front desk, amelia phu quoc is located in duong dong.
other facilities include an elevator and a billiard.
there is also a modern bar decorated with hand-painted tiles, and the property’s shop sells local wines.
offering a garden with an outdoor pool, estilo cabaña is a self-catering chalet located in mar del plata. the property is 500 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the new modern art museum.
slievebawn accommodation offers accommodation in cliffony.
the restaurant astromundo features international, mexican and spanish cuisine.
the nearest bus station is a 3-minute walk from the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's, and gift shop at the property.
apartaments fontalba features rustic-style studios with a private furnished terrace.
the sheraton is within easy walking distance to shops, outdoor cafés and cultural attractions of zagreb.
explore the isle of bréhat during your stay at hotel bellevue, set on the harbor, where you will arrive after a short boat trip.
some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
towels are provided.
hermitage museum is 10 km from natella apartments at prospekt engelsa 93 no2, while church of the savior on spilled blood is 10 km from the property.
shops and restaurants can be found within 1.5 km.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit, along with slippers.
the spacious apartments have a balcony.
featuring free wifi, cool sun fully furnished home offers accommodation in islamabad, 10 km from the centaurus mall.
offering a restaurant serving chinese and western dishes, guangzhou boyi hotel is located in guangzhou, a 5-minute walk from tianhe park.
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport, 50 km from rumah pohon tree house.
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer, towels and free toiletries.
featuring free wifi, villa sunshine offers pet-friendly accommodation in balchik, 1.3 km from the palace of queen maria.
surrounded by the sardinian countryside, agriturismo i vigneti is a charming farmhouse built following principles of sustainable architecture.
the alabastro bar offers cocktails and tapas and la sal marina offers mediterranean cuisine.
the lodge is located 50 km from tanga airport.
the bright and elegantly decorated apartment dubrovnik euphoria features spacious interiors, free wi-fi and a balcony offering partial views of the sea.
located a 10-minute drive from the gulf of finland in saint petersburg, zhemchuzhina apartment offers free wifi.
drinks, live music and views of the ocean are available at the hotel’s bar.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
breakfast includes coffee, cappuccino and tea, along with sweet products such as pastries, croissants jams and bread rolls.
staff can assist with laundry requests, bicycle rental and airport transfers at additional fees.
pailahue offers alpine-style accommodation a 5-minute drive from bariloche.
résidence de savigny is located in billy-sur-oisy and offers self-catering accommodations just a 10-minute walk to the town centre.
the bright rooms at la petite perle hamburg are furnished in a contemporary style.
you can relax and enjoy lake views in the garden, equipped with benches, or on the terrace with tables, chairs and parasols.
rooms come with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
main train and bus stop are 2 km from the lovćen.
a surf shop and da poke snack shack are located on site at bali kai castle kona.
breakfast can be served in your room, in the small breakfast room, or in the garden.
the karnal railway station is 5 km and the chandigarh airport is 120 km.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the garden at apartmentanlage villa granitz is ideal for relaxing, and younger guests will enjoy with children’s play area.
a tavern with traditional cuisine and various cafés are within 40 metres of the property.
some rooms also offer a washing machine and a balcony.
some units have a seating area for your convenience.
each room has a private bathroom with a bath, shower and free toiletries.
the hotel is a 15-minute drive from louhu railway station and shekou ferry terminal.
the fully equipped kitchen include a dishwasher and a washing machine.
ideally located just a 2-minute walk from jr toyama station, business hotel tateyama offers simple accommodation.
a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
fitted with wooden floors, berlinlux apartments are bright and spacious and feature a separate living area.
within a 2-minute walk you can reach the city's most beautiful park.
dorm bedded room have storage lockers.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
with views of the surrounding countryside, the rustic-style apartments all come with a sofa and flat-screen tv. each has a well-equipped kitchenette.
ams hotel rooms are tastefully decorated and feature floor-to-ceiling windows.
dalescroft offers bed and breakfast accommodation, each morning serving a full english breakfast in a charming building.
free private parking is available on site.
set on 13 hectares overlooking the murray river, tindarra resort features a tennis court, hot tub and outdoor pool with waterfall.
the nearest airport is samui airport, 13 km from green coconut village.
suria klcc is a 20-minute drive away, while kuala lumpur international airport is a 40-minute drive away.
set near the landing beaches of the second world war, the aire de la baie hotel welcomes you for a successful overnight stop in normandy.
you can play tennis and table tennis at this hotel, and the area is popular for snorkelling.
meals are served in buffet form in the hotel’s restaurant.
at economy inn you will find a 24-hour front desk.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
they include a tv and a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge and electric kettle.
guests can enjoy a complimentary hot breakfast, which features items such as eggs, sausage, waffles and pastries.
the nearest restaurant is 1 km and away and a grocery store can be reached within a 5-minute drive.
guests can also visit barać caves, 20 km from the property.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar or the à la carte restaurant, where breakfast is served.
it boasts a private beach, 2 pools, 2 tennis courts and 1 night club.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi access is available.
guney konak is less than 2 km away from the historic clock tower.
wifi access is available.
serving italian cuisine, the nearest dining option is just a 5-minute stroll from the property.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
both have a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave.
the comfortable apartment has a balcony.
miyakojima pier is about 1 km away, and painagama beach is a 20-minute walk.
mérida international airport is 11 km away and you can drive to progreso beach in 35 minutes.
the international exposition center, the nasa glenn research center as well as the attractions of downtown cleveland are all easily accessible.
this well-appointed hotel is located within 8 km from siem reap international airport.
a range of drinks is provided at the bar.
its garden is equipped with barbecue facilities.
atibaia bus station is situated just a 15-minute drive from this guest house.
posada de campo maia also has a restaurant, a snack bar and a games room.
free wifi is available at the property.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, campanile le havre centre is located in le havre, 1.4 km from saint-michel's church.
the private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries.
some rooms have air conditioning and cable tv.
it offers an outdoor pool and hot tub and serves a daily continental breakfast.
pulkovo airport is 16 km from the property.
simpang’s restaurant serves a fine selection of local and international dishes.
the bed and breakfast is a 15-minute drive from both port campbell and peterborough.
the spa centre includes a sauna, a hot tub and a hammam and offers a range of massage and body treatments.
free parking is available on-site.
the a2 motorway is a 2-minute drive away, and the andermatt-gemsstock ski area is 11 km away.
ronnie's restaurant on the hotel premises, provides well-priced and fresh home-style breakfast, lunch, dinner and other menu options.
situated 100 metres from the dam beach and a 2-minute walk from the aquapark of frymburk, the frymburk 123 offers accommodation units with simple wooden furnishings, a large garden and a common kitchen for self-catering.
buffet-style breakfast is served each morning at the main restaurant.
the unique boutique hotel experience continues on the terrace where guests can enjoy trendy gastronomic delicacies combined with innovative cocktail creations.
the town of nydri is at 1 km and offers many taverns, bars and restaurants.
martin luther king jr. national historic site is 13 km from home away from home.
other facilities at old stone house kazaviti include a barbecue.
fortestate leninsky 68 offers accommodation in moscow, an 8-minute walk of universitet metro station.
rooms are fitted with a tv, refrigerator and seating area.
the rich breakfast buffet, which can be booked on site, includes an organic corner, egg dishes, and a large choice of bread, sausages and cheeses, while on request, fresh bread rolls also can be delivered every morning to the apartments.
all rooms at granja feature a private bathroom, and some rooms include historic-style details as exposed stone walls or tiled walls.
ubud monkey forest is 900 metres from zenrooms ubud jembawan 2, while elephant cave is 3.4 km from the property.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including table tennis.
there is also a bar selling drinks and snacks.
all include bathroom with hairdryer, minibar, tv, and air conditioning.
the hotel reception is available every day from 08:00 until 22:00.
peppers mineral springs retreat features an award-winning day spa, an on-site restaurant, a bar and a guest lounge with an open fireplace. guests enjoy accommodation with free wifi. relax amongst leafy gardens and beautiful courtyards.
a children’s playground and a spacious garden with plants and flowers are featured.
the conservatory restaurant serves an inclusive hot buffet breakfast, and freshly prepared evening meals.
the ideally situated limelight hotel is located across from wagner park and is less than a half mile from aspen art museum.
santana do livramento golf club is 5 km from cave 12.
the beaches around bosa marina are 10 minutes' drive from the b&b, which is 60 km south of alghero.
offering free wifi and a terrace, yök casa cultura is situated in barcelona, 600 metres from la seu, cathedral of barcelona. portal de l'angel is 600 metres from the property.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
bicycle rentals are available for guests who wish to explore the city on their own.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday home.
guests can relax on the terrace, furnished with sun loungers and outdoor dining area.
a continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning.
it is ideally located for exploring würzburg by public transport, car or bicycle, and franconia’s charming vineyards are also within easy reach.
in the morning at chambres d'hôtes labyrinth, a continental breakfast is served.
the volga river embankment and the nizhny novgorod kremlin are within a 10-minute walk.
the property offers free parking.
you can enjoy sea view from the room.
free wi-fi is available in common areas.
located in les houches, chalet les soldanelles offers self-catering accommodation.
boci apartments also includes a sun terrace.
rotorua international airport is a 25-minute drive away.
each has a furnished patio and views of bayona beach.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the state museum of terengganu, 5.7 km away and crystal mosque, 5.8 km away.
just 100 metres from the lake balaton in szántód, granada medencés apartmanház features a free seasonal outdoor, as well as self-catered accommodation with a terrace and free wifi in all areas.
in addition to the views, the spacious apartment is decorated with modern, alpine-style furnishings and has an open-plan living area.
abeid amani karume international airport is 11 km from the property.
guests can relax in the tv lounge and on the outdoor patio, or rent a bike to explore the surroundings.
this country hotel has a café bar and a lounge, with dvd player and a fireplace.
there are several restaurants around la posada del rey where guests can buy breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the nearest mini-market can be found within a 3-minute walk away.
residence inn chattanooga provides daily housekeeping as well as a grocery shopping service.
the beach is only 100 metres from the royal luxus wellness apartman, which is offering air-conditioned apartments and a wellness area with an indoor pool.
airport transfer can be arranged at a surcharge.
all rooms are carpeted and feature en suite facilities with free toiletries, a hairdryer and hospitality tray with electric kettle.
bed linen is included.
superior rooms also include a tv and a seating area.
it offers free wi-fi in all areas and a free private parking on site.
the property offers free parking.
located between terme luigiane and the sandy beaches of marina, hotel parco delle rose is set in acquappesa.
with an impressive yellow façade, it features a seasonal outdoor pool and free wi-fi.
free private parking is available on site.
vinohrady apartment by ruterra offers accommodation in prague, 400 metres from prague national museum. the apartment is 700 metres from wenceslas square.
the gateway of india is 50 km.
situated in evans, colorado, just 3 miles from the freight train museum, this hotel offers a game room complete with billiards and ping pong, and a seasonal outdoor pool.
with a sea view, the air-conditioned rooms come with a flat-screen tv, small fridge and some have a balcony.
every room at this resort is air conditioned and features a flat-screen tv.
in the mornings, selwood lodge serves full english breakfast in the dining room.
extras include towels, a safety deposit box and a washing machine.
gramado bus station is a 5-minute drive away and canela centre is 9 km away.
free toiletries are provided.
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
located in los angeles, downtown victoria apartment offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. the property is 500 metres from staples center.
each room has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
the accommodation will provide you with a a living room including tv and satellite channels.the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting rooms, a shared lounge and luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
it offers a day spa, kids’ club and 24-hour concierge services.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport, 11 km from lilika apartment at shoropani.
rajang lobby lounge features drinks, accompanied with music.
regional meals are served in the restaurant with conservatory.
a double bed is located on the mezzanine.
each en suite bathroom is equipped with a bath and shower.
the hotel offers an indoor pool and free wi-fi.
for a fee, you can enjoy a range of water sports along with fishing and canoeing activities.
free public parking is available on the street outside the property.
featuring tiled floors and blue hues, all studios at the fokies offer a kitchen with stove, fridge and dining area.
a well-equipped kitchen means that you can prepare your meal inside.
this well-appointed hotel is located only a 15-minute drive from da nang international airport and the city centre.
the property offers free parking.
guests can cook their meals in the on-site fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area, and free tea-and-coffee making facilities.
central park is 15 minutes away by subway and a large variety of local restaurants are within walking distance of the hotel.
tokyo disney resort is about 50 minutes away by train.
the apartments feature a spacious living-dining room with a sofa bed, and a kitchenette with electric hob, oven, microwave and fridge.
the rooms are cooled with air-condition.
airport shuttle is available for a surcharge.
some apartments offer views of the saronic gulf from their balcony.
private parking is free on site.
each is composed of a separate bedroom, a dining/living room with a fully equipped kitchenette, and a bathroom.
auberge tifaoute is situated just 3 km from the kasbah of aït benhaddou and 30 km from central ouarzazate.
there is a dining area, equipped kitchen and 2 bathrooms.
the elegant apartments will provide guests with air conditioning and a seating area. there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and an oven.
the interior has basic furnishings.
the on-site cheerleader pub and grill serves pub food while showing sports on over 20 flat-screen tvs.
situated in the centre of české budějovice, the garni čb enjoys a calm area 800 metres from the přemysl otakar ii. square.
apartment guests also enjoy a fully equipped kitchenette.
there is also a well-equipped conference hall if you want to combine business with pleasure.
guests can enjoy a refreshing drink at any one of the resort’s 3 bars.
a flat-screen tv is provided in each hotell ronja room, as well as a tiled bathroom with shower.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and on-site shops.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out spa golf club piestany or the from chateau moravany nad vahom reachable within 2.2 km.
a sofa, coffee table, 2 armchairs, a fireplace and a tv are featured in the living room.
alghero and alghero fertilia airport are located a 1-hour drive away.
wi-fi access is free in all public areas.
the hotel also has a children’s mini club.
restaurants can be found at a distance of 1 km.
the centre of oudenaarde is 10 km from cimbarsaca.
essential kitchenware is also there.
free public parking is possible nearby.
rio yambala is only 4 minutes’ walk away.
free wifi is available in public areas.
it is only a 5-minute drive from zhengzhou high speed railway station.
it is located 2 km from big buddha.
located in playa del carmen, studio one apartments offers an outdoor pool and free bike rental. this property is only 400 metres from the area’s beautiful caribbean beaches.
a 10-minute drive to phuket siam niramit, the auto place offers free wi-fi throughout the property. free private parking is available at a nearby location.
meals can be enjoyed in the dining room with a fireplace.
other facilities at apartma hosnar include a barbecue.
set in paris, residence central marais is 400 metres from pompidou centre. notre dame cathedral is 800 metres from the property.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, flamboyant is located in diani beach. free wifi access is available.
all villas of ashoka tree resort at tanggayuda are equipped with free wifi, air conditioning, satellite tv, and a bathroom with a rain shower.
you can also enjoy drinks in hotel europa’s elegant american bar.
turro metro station, with links to milan cathedral, is a 5-minute walk from the property, while linate airport is 10 km away.
free private parking is also available.
other facilities at naima house include a terrace.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the nearest airport is ljubljana airport, 21 km from the property.
during summer, you can go hiking, cycling and paragliding.
traditional décor and framed artwork are included in each suite at the room-club hotel.
facilities include a kitchenette, flat-screen satellite tv, bathroom, and sitting and dining areas.
a delicious all-you-can-eat breakfast is served daily, featuring traditional cooked items.
hotel is within walking distance from shopping centre.
phnom penh international airport is 18 km from the guesthouse.
quinta do vale do monte is located in darque, within 5 km of viana do castelo.
the private bathroom is fitted with shower.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer. a flat-screen tv and dvd player are featured.
amenities include free wi-fi, air conditioning, cable tv and minibar.
the property is 5 km from ban cha-am railway station and 5.3 km from maruekkhathaiyawan palace.
guests can also enjoy the gardens on the property and a gift shop.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
guests can stay in a lively dormitory room, or enjoy the comfort of a private room with en suite bathroom.
a private bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
avignon is 21 km from gîte la remise du pont du gard, while nîmes is 18 km from the property.
guests can enjoy bathing in the spacious public baths and relax in the garden terrace.
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
the studios and apartments also comprise a kitchenette.
flisvos marina is 4.2 km from coconut villa, while glyfada beach is 5 km from the property.
rome is 20 minutes by car and rome airport is 10 km away.
each room provides cable tv, a coffee machine, a desk and an en suite bathroom at the jackson lodge.
free private parking is available on site.
in the morning, you can enjoy a turkish breakfast in buffet style.
guests can enjoy the free parking facilities on-site.
the holiday home is a non-smoking house.
the accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a hot tub.
elora gorge conservation area is about 2 km away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the private bathroom has a shower, a hairdryer and a bidet.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
each room features a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
prima porta train station, with links to flaminio metro and train station, is 2 km away.
free public parking is available in front of the property.
it is also situated 3.5 km from the recreation center bloso hofstade.
case vacanze mare nostrum is a 20-minute drive from cefalù.
seychelles condominiums by resortquest provides an on-site fitness centre.
athinios port is at 11 km and santorini international airport is around 14 km away.
hoang yen restaurant serves a buffet breakfast, while local dishes are available at lotus restaurant.
guests can enjoy eggs boiled in hot-spring water and purchase local gifts at the souvenir shop.
villasimius is 15 km away.
the garden-view rooms are air-conditioned and individually furnished.
towels and bed linen are available.
the staff can help recommend nearby walking paths.
the air-conditioned guestrooms at ck are fitted with an in-room safe, cable tv and an en suite bathroom comes with hot shower facilities.
car rental services can be provided and free on-site parking is possible.
other facilities at royal kahana condo include a fitness centre.
in addition, they feature a living area and a bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
guests can spend the day snorkeling or boating on the bay, while the kids have fun with organized activities such as drawing and handcrafts.
vinicius de moraes ipanema apartment is a self-catering accommodation located just 70 metres from the beautiful ipanema beach.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the next restaurant and a café are just 200 metres from gerharter’s villa.
it features on-site laundry facilities and free wired internet.
milas-bodrum airport is 40 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
a shuttle service is provided at an extra charge.
hostelmeks is located in florianópolis.
the property also features a shared kitchen, a book exchange and a safety deposit box.
mobile homes are modern and come with a bathroom with shower.
the nearest airport is volgograd international airport, 77 km from the property.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, getreidemarkt 10 apartments is situated in vienna. hofburg is 400 metres away.
a bakery and a supermarket can be found just a 2-minute walk from this family-run guest house.
achillion palace is only 4 km away. the centre of benitses is less than 1.5 km away. corfu town is within 12.5 km while corfu airport is at a distance of 11.5 km.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels is featured in every guest room at drury inn & suites independence kansas city.
fitted with a shower, private bathrooms include a hairdryer and free toiletries.
free wifi access is available.
they are located just 2 minutes’ walk from curzon street and green park.
the nearest airport is vigo airport, 24 km from duerming portonovo picó.
all rooms at hotel rose feature a flat-screen tv, and have an en suite bathroom.
misano world circuit is around 2 km away.
dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance.
transfers to kharkiv international airport are available on request.
this property also features free wifi.
duni is within 8 km, and primorsko is at a distance of 20 km.
astoria is 1 km from the satu mare’s train station and 10 km from the airport.
fitted with large windows, zagreb’s rooms are spacious and airy and are also decorated with soft carpets.
the property has babysitting services available, at an extra fee.
free parking can be found nearby.
near the gallia club you will find several bike trails to explore the beautiful romagna countryside.
it features tennis courts, jacuzzi ®, and 2 pools surrounded by large terraces.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
sueño de la campana restaurant serves international and local cuisine, and is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
perfectly situated in the cultural heart of the san francisco bay area between san francisco and silicon valley, the inn is only minutes away from a number of main attractions.
each has a private balcony or terrace and some have a private entrance.
this holiday home is 2.3 km form shopping area/restaurants and 18 km from aarhus airport.
the train and international bus stations are 1.4 kilometres from the property.
the bathroom is provided with free toiletries.
featuring air conditioning, afentrika building is located in larnaca, 1.3 km from larnaca marina. europe's square is 1.3 km away.
inside hotel royal you will find a restaurant and bar as well as comfortable and well-equipped rooms.
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport, 11.5 km from the property.
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
free wi-fi is available, as well as free on-site parking and a terrace.
aonang buri resort is located close to nopparattara beach and is a 10-minute walk from aonang beach, with activities like scuba diving, elephant trekking and island exploration available nearby.
the suite has a satellite flat-screen tv, wood-beamed ceilings and a minibar.
the full kitchen is furnished with a microwave and an oven.
the apartments at surf apartment are simply decorated and include both air conditioning and heating. each is furnished with tiled floors and boasts a living room, a kitchen with a sea view and a balcony with a mountain view.
other facilities at villa hutan datai include a spa centre.
holiday home grønnevænget v offers a whirlpool.
the kitchen has an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv is offered.
the equipped kitchens are fitted with a stove, oven and refrigerator.
guests can prepare homemade meals in the fully equipped kitchen, and can enjoy them in the dining area.
this modern apartment comes with a full kitchen featuring a refrigerator and kitchenware.
the rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet.
candolim is 38 km from tripthrill dona rosa apartment, while anjuna is 46 km from the property.
the dining area overlooks scenic views of the natural landscape.
located in diani beach, grand amber villa is set less than a 5-minute walk from galu kinondo beach.
hotel amico is 50 metres from the sea and the pine wood in pinarella di cervia.
kris condo nice studio offers accommodation in bang tao beach, 800 metres from bliss beach club and 1.9 km from tesco lotus supermarket cherng talay.
space farms zoo and museum is 20 minutes' drive from the hotel and suites holiday inn express newton. mountain creek resort, offering skiing in the winter and a water park in the summer, is just 30 minutes' drive away.
trams are just a 1-minute walk from the hotel mingarden. nordstraße and victoriaplatz/klever straße underground stations can be reached on foot in 4 minutes.
accepting only mainland chinese citizens, hanting express tianjin anshandao offers cosy accommodation and free wifi throughout the property, .
crabtree valley mall shopping center is 13 km from aloft raleigh durham airport brier creek, while pnc arena is 13 km away.
the homestay also offers free use of bicycles and car hire.
all the rooms are equipped with free wifi and air conditioning.
luxurious and elegant, mandarin oriental jakarta offers 5-star accommodation with 42-inch flat-screen tv and ipod docks.
the beach is 8 km away.
the holiday homes have a bathroom fitted with a walk-in shower.
en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
this holiday home is 7 km from husein sastranegara airport.
guests can relax in the riad’s lounges.
the fort lauderdale convention center is 19.5 miles from the hotel.
set in kmetcheta, 10 km from gabrovo, guest house kmetovite offers rooms and self-catering accommodation units with a balcony and access to a garden with barbecue facilities.
the hotel also features in-room flat-screen tvs and daily buffet breakfast.
the castelo de bode dam is 35 km away, while tomar is 23 km from the unit. fátima is 50 km away and is a renowned pilgrimage spot.
towels and bed linen are provided at townhouse u metro devyatkino.
the central bus and train station is set 300 metres from shopen mezonet.
a limited number of free public parking spaces are available in front of the property.
moulin richard de bas museum and the town of ambert are both 12 km from the hotel.
aberdeen art gallery is 600 metres from the royal crown guest house, while aberdeen harbour is 700 metres away.
the individually furnished rooms all have cable tv.
hot air balloon rides and fly fishing river tours are available.
wander inn backpackers is 5 minutes’ drive from mangrove boardwalk and the dolphin discovery centre.
convenient guest supplies include currency exchange, an on-site atm machine and a mini-market.
it is just 10 stations from incheon airport by airport limousine bus (number 6101).
the wax museum, dolby theater and metro underground station are 5 minutes' walk away.
it is close to the a33 and a6 motorways, both a 5-minute drive away.
beautiful views of the city and the beach are offered along with free wi-fi.
other facilities of the hotel include a spa with massage services, an airport shuttle and free private parking upon request. guests can enjoy daily afternoon tea, and complimentary 30-minute back and shoulder massage.
guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
the hotel is 3 km from the val vibrata exit of the a14 motorway and a 50-minute drive from pescara.
there is a concierge desk and there is easy access to the a44 motorway.
the in-house kitchen is well-equipped with a stove, fridge and dining table.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, hotel gasthof zur post offers pet-friendly accommodation in albersloh.
the kazanskiy cathedral is 8 minutes from the hostel by public transport.
guests can enjoy panoramic views of the manhattan skyline from the on-site fitness centre.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv, hardwood floors and a private bathroom with shower. they also come with a balcony.
luggage storage facilities are also available.
set in a forested area with a garden, juhlamenot cottages offers self-catering accommodation just 25 km from centres of helsinki and porvoo.
the canacona railway station and the canacona bus station are 2 km. this resort is 60 km from goa international airport.
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain, guest house on pridneprovskaya is set in smolensk.
all rooms are accessible by lift.
sochiflat apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in sochi, 100 metres from tsvetnoy bulvar park.
season palace huahin hotel is a 15-minute drive to night market where guests will find plenty of local treats.
the rooms feature a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle with green tea bags, and guests sleep on japanese futon bedding.
san andrés beach is a 20-minute drive and las palmas de gran canaria is 20 km away.
kuala terengganu golf resort by ancasa hotels & resorts is located a 20-minute drive from shahbandar town and pasar payang.
there is a dining area and a kitchen.
nestled on a 17-acre hillside estate, chateau mont clair features free wi-fi, included breakfast and a helicopter pad.
certain rooms are air-conditioned and offer a seating area and sofa.
all rooms in hotel union feature free satellite tv and wi-fi (for an extra cost).
picnic lunches and barbecue facilities are also available.
queretaro international airport is a 40-minute drive away.
a ski storage room is available in the cellar and the ferienhaus is surrounded by a large garden which includes a barbecue and a playground.
apartments sanvilla also includes a hot tub and offers massage treatments.
it is located beach front at extreme hotels.
porto international airport is 61 km away and an airport shuttle is available upon request.
guests at the marroad hotel can enjoy a work-out in the fitness gym or relax in the public bath at an extra charge.
etno-park majkin salas is located close by, and features a designed park with traditional houses, restaurants serving local specialties and horses.
the apartment consists of a living area with a flat-screen smart tv and free netflix, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, and a bathroom with a bathtub, a shower and a hairdryer.
the rooms offer colonial décor with tiled bathrooms equipped with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
apartment retro is a self-catering accommodation located in sarajevo. free wifi access is available throughout.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
olbia costa smeralda airport is located 12 km away.
boasting an outdoor pool, la baguala offers self-catering accommodations in la cumbre.
the crystal-clear waters of the adriatic invite to spend holidays actively by going swimming and diving.
the property has a café where you can enjoy a drink at the weekend.
free secured public parking is available.
set on the banks of the tiber river, this hotel is ideally situated for you to explore this enchanting city.
it offers a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with shower. guests can enjoy a tv. free wi-fi is available.
the apartments offer a living area with a sofa and a dining area.
a continental breakfast is served.
during summer, guests can rent boats or enjoy a swim at the private beach area.
all rooms come with contemporary décor and an electric kettle.
free private parking is offered at the guest house.
guests can taste local specialities and typical italian dishes at the cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings.
rental bicycles are available for exploring the river and surrounding countryside.
pets are allowed upon request.
bike hire is available at this inn and the area is popular for cycling.
on request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning.
wi-fi internet is available for free.
the studios share the beautiful swimming pool situated in the centre of the complex.
the private bathrooms include a shower and free toiletries.
free wifi is available .
there's also a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
mansefield house b&b offers high-quality accommodation in the dumfries and galloway region.
the gardens of trauttmansdorff castle are 9 km away.
st. stephen's basilica is 900 metres from trapartment hostel budapest, while hungarian national museum is 1.2 km away.
a continental breakfast is included.
the nearest airport is husein sastranegara airport, 5 km from the property.
the nearest airport is kazan international airport, 25 km from the property.
there are many shops and restaurants nearby.
gwanumpo pension also includes a terrace.
storage for 2 bicycles is available on request.
most rooms or suites also boast a fireplace. some feature a balcony.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding.
seating facilities and a fridge are also in the rooms.
free wifi is provided throughout the entire property and free off-site parking is offered.
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit.
several hiking and cycling trails start directly at the property, and, if needed, free sports equipment is provided on site as well.
the attached bathroom includes towels and shower facility.
the private bathroom includes a shower and bathrobe.
many shops and restaurants are located within 1 km as well as taxi boats and public transports.
guests can cook in the kitchen with a stove, microwave and an oven.
they have a touch of colour and lively paintings by local artists.
the nearest airport is goa international airport, 21 km from vincent's holiday home.
decorated with wood floorings and a patio, each unit is fitted with a flat-screen cable tv, a sofa, and an electric kettle.
guests can also enjoy their meals in the privacy of their rooms.
some units offer views of the trencin castle.
free wifi access is available in the entire property.
a unique centre for sound-energy therapies awaits you at the oswalda-hus.
the bathory castel is 1.5 km away, and the barajului lake is reachable in 15 km.
houma golf course is 1.5 miles away, and it is 17 miles to black bay.
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
bresstraat tram and bus stop is 350 metres from the residence.
at apart lais, a garden is at the guests’ disposal. other facilities like ski storage and laundry facilities are offered.
some rooms have a private balcony or views of avenue de l’opéra.
some have a large balcony.
michendorf train station is a 12-minute walk from the hotel, and provides connections berlin main station in 45 minutes.
located in abu dhabi, times inn hotel apartments offers an indoor pool and a restaurant.
each brightly decorated room includes free wi-fi access and cable tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
hotel lucheng is a 3-minute drive from yandang mountain, and a 20-minute drive from wenzhou train station. the wenzhou yongqiang airport is a 30-minute drive away.
armando revoredo iglesias airport is 3 km away.
corveou includes a living room with a flat-screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and microwave.
mont dauphin train station is 14.5 km away.
located in the pirin mountains, gotse delchev’s leshten eco villas offers spacious units that are rustically furnished.
paklenica national park and cerovačke caves are located about 20 km away, while zrmanja river can be reached by boat in 1 hour.
luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk.
each apartment includes a seating area, dining area and a fully-equipped kitchenette.
housed in a refurbished 17th-century farmhouse, it combines rustic décor with modern comforts, including free wi-fi and a furnished patio.
at howard johnson bengaluru hebbal, guests can arrange for a soothing massage, unwind with a drink from the bar or get their clothes dry cleaned.
set a 2-minute walk from the south beach in sunny beach resort, solymar apartments in karolina resort comes with free use of the swimming pool and the sun loungers.
each modern bedroom has a microwave, fridge and armchair.
located right in bruges' historical centre, hostel 28 offers budget accommodation with free wifi throughout 500 metres from bruges' central markt square.
the sklep 57 has a garden, children’s playground, a bike storage room and free on-site parking for up to 4 cars.
the aqua breeze is 1.5 miles from the santa cruz surfing museum and the lighthouse field state beach.
la carol'isle offers free wifi and a fitness room.
you can also help yourself at the salad buffet.
shuttles to the ski lift are provided on request and at a surcharge.
some rooms include views of the garden or city.
alternatively, several restaurants and bars are available in the seafront area, within a 5-minute walk.
every room is fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet.
it is now a modern meeting room.
this house can accommodate up to 8 guests.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
the kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
an indoor pool and an outdoor seasonal pool are featured at kansas city howard johnson plaza hotel and conference center. guests can exercise in the fitness centre or make use of the launderette facilities.
tirana airport is at a distance of 14 km.
jungcyelon shopping centre and bangla road are only a 3-minute ride from baan sudarat guest house. the famous patong beach is a 5-minute ride away.
each room has a flat-screen tv and tea and coffee facilities.
a breakfast buffet is available for an extra charge.
shops, supermarkets and restaurants can be found 350 metres from the property.
each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower.
there is also a restaurant in the hotel building, le serac, which serves dishes made with locally grown produce.
free parking is provided.
you can find several restaurants, cafés, and a grocery shop within a 5-minute walk of singularstays roteros.
continental breakfast is served every morning at the property's restaurant.
the highest levels of comfort await you in our 72 rooms for an enjoyable stay with a name you can trust.
day trips can be arranged at the tour desk, while luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
pacoche murcia is just 5 minutes’ walk from the city’s old bridge over the river segura.
restaurants and local shops are within walking distance and ephesus is just 1km away.
ayia napa coast is a 15-minute drive away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
beto avila stadium is 4.3 km from residencial amara.
it offers free bike hire and rustic-style rooms with parquet floors and a balcony.
the on-site restaurant offers japanese, korean and western cuisines.
taverns, restaurants and shops are within a 3-minute walk.
for private use there is a garden (fenced) 200 m2 and table tennis.
baan iyara guesthouse offers affordable air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi in downtown krabi town.
guests can opt between views of the sea, partial ones or views of the city.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and a children's playground.
the local tennis court and mini golf course are just a 2-minute walk away.
rio termal is 400 metres from salto grande lake and 2 km from bali beach.
a thai-style breakfast is served between 08:30-10:30 hrs, and the snack bar include cornflakes, oatmeal and milk.
opposite york minster, and less than 200 metres from york city centre, is the dean court hotel.
the sport vital hotel’s sports programme includes guided hiking and mountain bike tours, aqua gymnastics, and activities such as yoga and pilates.
guests can take a bike trip to chinchero archaeological site, 200 meters away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out fenals beach (1.6 km) and santa cristina beach (3.0 km).el prat airport is located 78 km from the property.
accommodation is provided in small bungalows, each with a bathroom with a shower, a refrigerator and satellite tv. every unit includes a table with 2 chairs and a wardrobe.
located off highway 180, this hotel is a half-mile from hillside memorial gardens.
kaali crater is 16 km away.
they all include lcd tvs and private bathrooms.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, union plaza is located in astana, within a 20-minute walk of astana arena.
s2s resort bangkok is a 30-minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport.
guests at apartment4you - hoża i have use of a well-equipped kitchenette featuring everything that guests might need to prepare a meal, including a refrigerator, a stove and a microwave, as well as a dishwasher.
free private parking is available on site.
set in gardens, the vistalmar apartments have easy access to the ap-7 motorway, and offer free on-site parking.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkeling and windsurfing. you can engage in various activities, such as diving and fishing.
guests of the wisconsin rapids americas best value inn can take advantage of the fax services and vending machines.
alternatively, in-room dining is possible with room service.
each room has a cable tv, minibar and safety deposit box.
argos in cappadocia is just few minutes’ walk from the centre of uchisar, with its many restaurants and shops.
embassy of the united states is 3 km away.
u růžičků is surrounded by a garden which includes a barbecue.
a flat-screen tv is available.
brussels-north train station is 11 minutes' drive away and offers direct connections with all major belgian cities.
the entire building has a modern fire detection system with smoke detectors on every floor.
it offers a home away from home with elegant accommodation.
the property offers free parking.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
there is also a bar with a terrace on site.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
sirmione is 46 km from villa fedreghino, while brescia is 17 km away.
featuring a shower, shared bathroom also comes with a bathrobe and towels.
centrally located between both liverpool and campbelltown cbd's, crossroad hotel offers a restaurant with al fresco dinging and a lively bar.
the m42 motorway can be reached after a 5-minute drive and birmingham international airport and the national exhibition centre are 10 minutes’ drive away.
the classic-style air-conditioned rooms feature a minibar and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. the bathroom comes with bathrobes, slippers, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests benefit from a balcony and an outdoor pool. free private parking is also available on site.
it offers spacious accommodation, as well as a stone pool, hot tub and buffet breakfast.
some rooms have a lake view.
facilities include a fitness suite, treatment rooms, children's game room and outdoor playground.
the climate controlled rooms include tea and coffee-making facilities and select rooms offer kitchenettes.
featuring a private balcony, each room here will provide you with a cable tv, air conditioning and a fridge.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured.
it offers pampering in-room massages, village tours and free wi-fi access.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv. each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
guests can play table tennis or relax on the sunny terrace overlooking the lovely gardens.
hotel relais charles-alexandre is across the street the discovery pavilion of the plains of abraham and the musée national des beaux-arts du québec.
bright and spacious, the villa includes a living-dining room with a tv and fireplace.
midlands inverness cottages is situated in the heart of the midlands meander, 50 km from pietermaritzburg airport.
the en suite rooms have freeview tvs, toiletries, tea/coffee, hairdryers and radio alarm clocks.
biopark fuengirola theme park is 1.2 km from apartamentos turísticos yamasol, and mijas golf club is 10 minutes’ drive away.
located in moscow, maxrelaxapartment offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. guests benefit from balcony.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
khimki is 27 km from apartments on kosmonavtov 19, while zheleznodorozhnyy is 21 km away.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the entire property.
the property offers free parking.
a 24-hour front desk is also available.
the hotel also offers bike hire.
located 4.1 km from torrevieja marina in torrevieja, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace with pool views.
at the on-site spa guests can indulge in a massage or in one of the numerous health and beauty treatments available.
rooms suitable for wheelchair users are available.
the nearest bus stop is 300 metres from the apartments.
perilia villa apartments also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
the hotel weisser stein lies on the quiet southern slopes and offers panoramic views of the surrounding rothaargebirge countryside.
old town scottsdale is 12.6 km away.
minangkabau international airport is a 3-hour drive away.
a pebbly beach can be found within 1 km from the property.
this house offers a terrace, a fireplace and a flat-screen tv. the bathrooms are complete with bath or shower, toilet and hairdryer.
the accommodation is equipped with a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen tv. there is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
free toiletries are also provided.
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
all rooms here come with a satellite tv. some rooms include a separate living room
the nearest airport is lombok international airport, 52 km from the property.
riccione is a 15-minute drive away.
rome fiumicino airport is 51 km away.
featuring a terrace and a hot tub, riad l'empire is located in marrakech, just 10 minutes' walk to jemaa el fna.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the centre of crikvenica, featuring various restaurants, café bars, and shops can be found in 7 km.
the spa offers a wide variety of treatments including : facials, massage, moroccan & turkish bath and dead sea treatments.
le nove fate offers modern accommodation with lcd tv and free internet.
the tauernradweg, a cycling track, starts 200 metres from the apartment and hiking tracks are accessible right from the doorstep.
there is also a bar on site.
city of arts & sciences is 4.4 km from apartup patacona beach, while barrio del carmen is 5 km away.
offering a restaurant, king's hotel & motel is located in shaunavon.
budds beach offers a business centre and a tour desk for booking tours, theme park tickets and local attractions.
free wifi is provided in all rooms.
private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
oyo rooms dr afonso road is set in the calangute beach district in calangute, 900 metres from infantaria and 900 metres from st. alex church.
villa pamphili park is 5 km from the property, while ciampino airport is a 25-minute drive away.
restaurant lielupe provides its guests with an extensive international, latvian and russian cuisine.
it also includes an additional bathroom, a comfortable dining area and a dvd player.
free wifi is provided in the entire building.
there is also a flat-screen tv and the separate kitchen is fully equipped, complete with an oven, gas hobs and a dishwasher.
there is a tv and a cd player in the living room.
free parking is on site.
each room has a private bathroom with shower facilities.
bed linen and towels are provided.
with stone walls and modern furnishings, they are equipped with a flat-screen tv, wardrobe and hairdryer.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
during summer, you can enjoy the sunset on the rooftop of neorion with a complimentary glass of wine.
guests can play billiards, read books, rent a bicycle to explore the historic town, or use the computers in the lobby for free.
burgas airport is reachable within 64 km.
wi-fi access is also available at no charge.
on the edge of loch lomond and a 30-minute drive from glasgow and its airport, this 4-star guest house has hearty scottish breakfasts and free wi-fi.
all of the rooms have a private bathroom and some feature an italian shower.
the pier park is 5 minutes’ drive from the resort.
the next restaurant is 1 km away.
melodious waves features free wifi .
a breakfast including fruit, cereal, coffee and more is served each morning.
the en suite bathroom includes a bidet and a shower.
the early 19th-century karlsborg fortress is a short walk away.
war remnants museum is 2.4 km from the vee house, while diamond plaza is 2.6 km from the property.
the attached bathrooms come with free toiletries and a shower.
studios and apartments at hillside are simply furnished and open out to a private balcony. they come with a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge and electric kettle.
during winter season there is a regular bus from the centre and the train station to grand paradis.
ho chi minh train station is a 25-minute drive away, while tan son nhat international airport is accessible with a 40-minute drive.
offering a seasonal outdoor pool, b&b villa beatrice is located in a peaceful area in verona.
the studios and apartments at résidence pierre & vacances la corniche de la plage are spacious and decorated in a contemporary style.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
an on-site restaurant, blue marine, serves thai and european food from 07:00 to 20:00 hrs.
chinese dishes are freshly served at the on-site restaurant.
guests can enjoy 1 parasol and 2 sun loungers at a partner beach.
there is a restaurant, with outdoor dining facilities.
kitchenettes include a microwave, stove and fridge.
el jazmín features 1 double and 2 twin bedrooms.
seabreeze lodge georgetown features a balcony and a patio with outdoor furniture.
linen and towels are changed every 3rd day.
located 700 metres from oxford's historical city centre, newton house guesthouse offers bed and breakfast accommodation with free wifi access throughout and on-site private parking free of charge.
the terrace invites guests to relax in the sun.
the hotel also features many in-room amenities, including free high-speed internet access.
a massage service is available. luggage storage is offered and there is a laundry, dry cleaning and ironing service.
the property has a children's playground and views of the garden.
offering an outdoor pool, 24-house front desk and free wifi, cool palms motel is located in mackay.
with tiled floor, all rooms come with a wardrobe, minibar and tv.
a tv with cable channels is offered.
guests with a dinner-inclusive plan can also savour lavish japanese course meals prepared with fresh ingredients.
most rooms have view of the surrounding landscaped gardens.
offering a restaurant, ambre d'hôtes is located in dakar.
free wifi access is available.
the hostel is 1.2 km from st anthony's church.
other facilities offered include dry cleaning and a laundry. a car rental facility is available.
westwood water park is only 10 minutes away.
the hostel is 4 km from baku train station. heydar aliyev international airport is 26.5 km away.
there is a supermarket 200 metres away.
located in bacău, a 2-minute walk from the city centre, c&c residence hotel features free wifi and free private parking.
all the rooms at matiate hotel come with a minibar.
with a satellite flat-screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen, apartments at colle vaticano have 2 bedrooms and a living room.
set in budva, 2.5 km from mogren beach, apartments spiro boasts a sun terrace and views of the sea.
free on-site parking is available as well.
kumamoto airport is a 75-minute train ride away on the the airport liner and fukuoka airport is a 90-minute train ride away.
faro international airport is a 35-minute drive away.
there is a 24-hour front desk where guests can make arrangements for car rental, laundry services and currency exchange.
rooms are also heated and have a safe.
set in adler, studio parusnaya 17 is 8 km from sochi discovery world aquarium . ice cube curling centre is 400 metres from the property.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
each air-conditioned unit features a contemporary layout combined with a rustic-style exterior.
the property is 30 km from burgas airport and 100 km from varna airport.
featuring free outdoor pool and air-conditioned accommodation, villa briz apartments is located in the budjaka area in sozopol, 100 metres from the local beach.
laundry facilities and vending machines are available for added convenience.
each room includes a tv with satellite channels.
select suites include a full kitchen.
you will also find a garden and barbecue facilities.
the ground floor of the property features a 24/7 reception, a modern communal kitchen and dining area and shared tv area.
the wellness area includes a traditional roman bath, steam room, and herbal sauna, as well as a hot tub and indoor swimming pool.
all rooms at die kleine sonne are non-smoking and feature a flat-screen tv, wi-fi internet and a private bathroom with shower.
you can enjoy breakfast, lunch and dinner at nearby restaurants.
cable tv is available in both rooms.
barbecue facilities are also available.
on site parking is available.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit, along with free toiletries.
pokoje gościnne rena is located 300 metres from the city centre.
all studios and suites at residence inn boston woburn have fully equipped kitchens. each includes a fridge, cooktop, microwave and a coffee maker.
a fridge, microwave and coffee facilities are available in each room at the holiday inn express poughkeepsie.
private rooms come with a balcony, an outdoor seating area and an en suite bathroom.
there is also an expansive outdoor pool area, and a 13th-century chapel.
guests can enjoy a traditional thai massage at the spa, or go on a snorkeling trip.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
linen, towels and bathrobes are available free of charge.
the freizeitpark zillertal arena leisure centre can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
a laundry and ironing service are available, and a shuttle can be arranged upon request.
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
the property is set in the gracia district, 10 minutes’ walk from parc güell.
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
hearty chinese options are also available for breakfast.
the tour desk can assist with sightseeing excursions and travel preparations, while activities such as fishing, rafting and trekking can also be arranged.
offering a great mountain or nature view, each room comes with a flat-screen tv, speakers, dvd player and air conditioning.
strawberry park resort provides luggage storage, currency exchange and laundry services.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
located just 500 metres from the salem bus station, hotel gold ray sarovar portico operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all times. free wifi is available in all areas.
den gamle by, the old town, an open air museum of denmark’s historic buildings, is 1 km away.
maria alm’s lohningbauer offers rooms with a balcony with mountain views and cable tv.
this self-catering accommodation features free wi-fi.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster. a tv, ps3 and game console are provided.
free wi-fi is accessible to guests.
it has spacious public areas with free wi-fi access.
the train station is a 30-minute car drive away.
bed & breakfast is a completely non-smoking guest house which offers cosy accommodation in these beautifully tranquil surroundings.
there are two private bathrooms with a shower each.
locanda cugnanello features free wifi throughout the property.
the alpine city lounge consists of a bedroom with cable tv, a modern kitchen, a bathroom with bathrobes and hairdryer and an anteroom.
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
restaurants and a supermarket can be found within 200 metres from the b&b.
the d2 highway exit is 1.5 km away.
wifi in public areas is free.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
it has 1 bedroom, a bathroom and a living area with a sofa bed.
there is a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
overlooking the sea, b&b antica lampetia offers air-conditioned rooms in cetraro. it features a garden and free wi-fi in all areas.
tastefully-furnished, air-conditioned rooms come with tiled flooring, a clothes rack, mosquito net and seating area.
hostal babia has bar and a restaurant.
chulia heritage hotel is a 5-minute drive from penang museum, the tourist information centre and fort cornwallis.
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. the property offers free parking.
the apartment will provide you with a tv and air conditioning. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
nauders’ alpenhof pension-garni offers guests a small wellness area with a sauna, steam bath, relaxation room, an outdoor hot tub and an infrared cabin.
other facilities include a 24-hour reception, a shop and drinks vending machines.
the rooms include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
staybridge suites rogers has a fitness centre, a laundromat and a business center.
the naggar castle and naggar village are 100 metres from the property.
there is a private bathroom with bathrobes and free toiletries.
it offers on-site dining options, as well as billiards, children’s playground and massage treatments.
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the hotel, providing free daily maid service and luggage storage space.
bilingual staff at the property are available to assist with queries, concierge services and to arrange paid shuttle services.
other services available at the villa include bbq facilities.
there is also a spacious yoga deck.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen, where free tea, coffee and snacks are provided.
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is served daily.
they all have a flat-screen satellite tv and the kitchen is equipped with all the necessary utensils to prepare meals.
towels are featured.
the property offers free parking.
the petit is only a 10-minute walk from the parque cívico park.
all the units are air-conditioned.
the apartment features 2 bedrooms, wooden furniture, a kitchen, a flat-screen tv, and a bathroom.
the staff will readily assist you with arranging excursions and guided tours.
transfers to and from lofer train station are available on request.
guests are invited to enjoy breakfast every morning at le manoir de herouville.
set in 25 hectares of gardens, the rey juan carlos is 15 minutes’ walk from fc barcelona’s camp nou stadium.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave.
situated in marrakech in the marrakech-tensift-haouz region, 1.9 km from moulay el yazid mosque, club paradisio boasts a year-round outdoor pool and children's playground.
additionally, apartments and studios have a kitchen or kitchenette.
these include wine-, fish-, horse-, eco-, religious-, art- and hunting tours.
stuttgart city centre is about 25 kilometres away.
surrounded by greenery, each tent and tree house offers natural ventilation and a veranda with mountain and valley views.
its en suite bathrooms offer toiletries and a hairdryer.
the árpád fürdő outdoor pool is 1.5 km from the property.
some rooms include a kitchen.
suites also feature spacious living rooms and hot tubs.
bright and air-conditioned, all guestrooms enjoy views of the city or the sea.
alize studio homes is located in kadikoy, just 500 metres from kadikoy ferry port.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
after a busy day of sightseeing, you can relax in the shared lounge.
downtown is a 12-minute drive from minjiang inn. leshan railway station is a 15-minute drive from the property.
apartament prestige offers accommodation in the centre of the city with free wi-fi and parking in an underground garage.
villafranca airport is 12 km away from holiday verona.
located off interstate 695, this essex, maryland hotel is just a 20-minute drive from downtown baltimore.
the modern rooms are equipped with air conditioning, flat-screen cable tvs, a minibar and a private bathroom.
alternatively, guests can use the barbecue facilities and eat outside on the terrace fitted with garden furniture.
an italian buffet breakfast is available daily and includes sweet and savoury items, plus fresh fruit.
featuring an outdoor pool, garden and free wi-fi in all public areas, antica dimora del turco is located in san giorgio in salici.
a cable tv and free wi-fi are also included.
the hostel also offers bike hire.
just metres from the beach, naxos holiday offers pet-friendly accommodation in giardini naxos.
a kitchenette with cooking facilities and fridge is included in all the air-conditioned units at the marietta.
guests who wish to travel around can use car rental service.
you can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for skiing. you can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
all self-contained villas at gateway lifestyle lorikeet include separate lounge and dining areas, cable tv and en suite bathrooms.
hostel hikers den features free wifi throughout the property.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub and shower and extras include a washing machine and tumble dryer.
rooms are decorated in a traditional style and have a minibar, satellite tv and air conditioning.
each one has views of the park and a seating area with an lcd tv and a dvd player.
a kitchen with hotplates, a refrigerator and kitchenware is also provided to prepare your meals.
guests can also enjoy one of the many bike and walking trails surrounding the fruithof.
guests can enjoy free access to the on-site fitness room or play pool in the game room.
apart's hotel is located in essentuki, a 10-minute walk from resort area with mineral water, and offers self-catering accommodation.
carol guesthouse is a 10-minute drive from mahkota parade, dataran pahlawan and a’famosa.
all stylish units are containing a seating area and a bathroom with shower or bathtub. some of them feature a fully-equipped kitchenette as well and views of the river danube.
offering a restaurant and free wifi, hotel los cofrades is located in sololá, guatemala. sololá municipal park is just 2 minutes' drive away from the hotel.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. rooms include a private bathroom.
private bathroom comes with a hairdryer, a fine shower and free toiletries.
the spacious and modern lobby has a fully stocked vending machine offering a wide selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport, 19 km from the tropical residence.
lienz can be reached within a 45-minute drive.
extras include linen and a fan.
it includes hot drinks and croissants.
this boutique property features luxuriously spacious suites with garden views, free minibar and free wi-fi access.
featuring free wifi, yarovoe-tigris summer house offers pet-friendly accommodation in yarovoy.
the bathroom is equipped with a bath.
the hampshire hotel noordwijk hof van holland is situated in the quiet historical centre of noordwijk-binnen.
every unit comes with a private bathroom with a bidet.
you will find sun loungers on the paved patio by the pool, and bbq facilities.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
james river golf club is 6.5 miles away.
parking is free.
the living room has a rustic feel, with its exposed wooden beams and a stone fireplace.
rafeleti rooms can arrange for car and bike rentals.
wi-fi is free in public areas.
underfloor heating, built-in wall lamps and tea/coffee making facilities are also provided.
it offers an outdoor swimming pool, an on-site restaurant and free wifi.
the all-you-can-eat breakfast includes traditional cooked items, including vegetarian sausages.
all non-members can purchase a membership card upon arrival or an additional fee will be added to the room rate.
es quatre cantons has a bar and a restaurant, serving local cuisine.
the property offers free parking.
it offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi-fi, cable tv and a private bathroom.
air-conditioned rooms at the parlour inn include ironing facilities and an alarm clock.
an outdoor pool is available for guest relaxation.
all rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries.
within a 10-minute walk you can reach the centre of bansko.
the hotel’s express bar serves cocktails and refreshing drinks at the lobby area.
conveniently located only 3 blocks from the main square, historical center apartments offers accommodation in cusco.
yaletown-roundhouse skytrain station is 10 minutes’ walk away.
the monte argentario peninsula is a 1-hour drive away.
there is another bathroom and 2 toilets.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation with sea views and free wi-fi access.
towels and bed linen are available in this accommodation. all apartments come with a wardrobe.
overlooking the pool or garden, rooms at melati resort & hotel are cooled by air conditioning.
a varied breakfast buffet is available daily, and includes freshly baked bread, cold meats and cheeses.
conveniently located 500 metres from gondola lift, murphy's lodge alexander services apartments features self-catered apartments.
original creations can also be found on the menu.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning.
the domaine de kereven features individually decorated rooms with private bathrooms.
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily, with regional jams and bread toast.
casa buonaparte, the property where napoleon bonaparte was born is 100 metres.
it is possible to arrange pick-up from les sagnes train station on request.
a business centre can also be accessed by those guests that like to take care of business.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
located 8 km from mariinsky theatre in saint petersburg, this apartment features free wifi. the unit is 8 km from saint isaac's cathedral.
the surroundings of reitoral de chandrexa are ideal for outdoor activities such as fishing, hiking and kayaking.
the middletown/newport holiday inn express has a modern fitness center and a well-equipped business center.
siena is 21 km from holiday house le selvole.
a 24-hour front desk and newspapers are at guest’s disposal.
you can store your luggage for free and make use of the safety deposit boxes for free as well.
you will find a flat-screen tv and dvd player, selection of teas, coffee, hot chocolate and biscuits.
offering an outdoor pool, sanya baihua holiday garden apartment offers self-catering accommodation. it is located in the yalong bay scenic area. free wi-fi access is available.
a café serving ukrainian cuisine is 50 metres from the guest house. a food market is 100 metres away.
the hollywood economy inn also provides guests with a variety of thoughtful amenities, including wireless internet access.
jeju international airport is 38 km away.
empuriabrava is 15 minutes' drive, while figueres is 20 km away.
casa artgo includes a balcony and patio with a washing machine.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
breakfast can be enjoyed at the poolside, so you can start your day under the warm mediterranean sun.
it offers free wi-fi and views of the surrounding area.
at hotel kanchanikoot you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
barbecue facilities are also available.
each has a private bathroom with hairdryer, toiletries and hydromassage shower.
hévíz bus station is 1.2 km away, the lake balaton can be reached in a 10-minute drive.
fitted with parquet floors and original wood-beamed ceilings, the apartment includes towels and bed linen.
the bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
the wine route tour is 25 km from casita las rosas & spa and the tijuana international airport is 1 hour and 20 minutes' drive away.
elne train station is 9 km away, perpignan train station is 21 km away and perpignan airport is 26 km away.
old town square and the orloj astronomical clock are located 1 km from the apartments.
some have a private bathroom, while others have access to shared facilities.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
free parking is provided at the madisonville big spring inn.
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
jorge chavez international airport is 16 km away.
entre mer et vignes is located in the languedoc-roussillon wine producing region, less than a 15-minute drive from the mediterranean coast and 10 km from béziers.
the property is located 2 km from the ancient town of nesebar and a 5-minute drive from sunny beach.
guest rooms of the residencial melba have a private bathroom and satellite tv.
these include wood floors, an lcd tv and private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, hiking and canoeing.
s'era vella is set in a traditional mallorcan building, surrounded by a large garden and the hills around.
this 3-bedroom, air-conditioned apartment includes a satellite flat-screen tv and an equipped kitchen with a microwave and stove.
located in the trendy palermo neighbourhood, departamentos alquiler temporario palermo offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access in buenos aires.
the hotel can arrange hiking and horse riding excursions in the goreme valleys and provide a shuttle service to kayseri airport, 85 km away.
the rooms have a king size bed, spacious shared bathroom with a shower and bath.
guests may exercise in the gym, take a dip in the hot tub or relax in the sauna. alternatively, they can play a game of billiards or head to the library.
the rooms have a tv.
mount hakodate ropeway is just a 7-minute walk from the property.
they come with a satellite flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
the eckotel h1 provides suitable accommodation for guests on a leisure break, longer stay or a business trip.
ironing facilities are available at the property.
the 24-hour market offers a small selection of snacks
rooms here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony. extras include a safety deposit box.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
salzburg w. a. mozart airport is 17 km away.
free wi-fi and free public parking are available on site.
this 3-bedroom apartment can accommodate 7 people and features a bedroom with a double bed, 2 bedrooms with 2 single beds and a sofa bed.
on-site parking is free in the parking garage or in the car park behind the hotel.
the bathroom has a shower.
agrokomplex exhibition centre is 1 km away.
the property can accommodate up to 6 persons.
the resort provides traditional thai massages.
set in poti, this apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from balcony.
there are 2 shared living rooms at the property, one with table football and and a fireplace and the other with a library.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
free parking facilities are offered to guests who drive.
breakfast is served in the elegantly furnished dining area which features a wall-mounted flat-screen tv.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
national constitution center is 450 metres from kimpton hotel monaco philadelphia, while reading terminal market is 1.3 km away.
the guesthouse is a 25-minute drive from big wild goose pagoda. xi'an railway station is located a 45-minute drive away. it takes 55 minutes to drive to xi'an xianyang international airport.
for the convenience of those who drive, parking is free.
free wifi is featured .
the kitchenette includes a stove, dishwasher and coffee machine.
krabi pier - klong jirad is 3.6 km away from the property.
guests can use the hotel’s barbecue facilities and enjoy meals on the terrace.
there is a small lagoon filled with native vegetation and colorful fish.
there is a kitchenette with a microwave and refrigerator.
rooms are fully air conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen satellite tv, a work desk and a safety deposit box.
facilities include a fully equipped kitchen and a 700m2 garden with a terrace and bbq facilities.
it features self-catering accommodation with private balcony overlooking the aegean sea.
the functional rooms have wardrobes and the private bathrooms offer free toiletries.
a 4-minute drive away, milano cadorna station offers links to many areas such as rho fiera and sesto san giovanni.
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
the palanga airport is 18 km away, and the city of klaipeda is within 8 km.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the riad is 100 metres from saadian tombs, 100 metres from moulay el yazid mosque and 200 metres from el badi palace.
selected rooms include a private balcony.
each room here features heating and a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is copenhagen kastrup airport, 7 km from westend penthouse apartment.
ideally situated right next to the ski slopes of schischaukel großarl/dorfgastein, the oberkronbichlhof offers self-catering accommodation just a 5-minute stroll from the centre of grossarl.
air-conditioned rooms at the b&b madema all come with a flat-screen tv and private bathroom with shower.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
extras include a sofa, a desk and bed linen.
all rooms at the firenze porta rossa hotel include air conditioning, a minibar and private bathroom.
the hotel’s excellent location means an array of activities lies at your fingertips.
some of the guest rooms at the hôtel de la mer feature harbour views.
a14 motorway is within 1 km away.
the area is favourable for hiking as well.
a buffet breakfast is served daily.
apartments matešič is located in sečovlje, 4 km from portorož.
corfu town and port are located 4.5 km from the property, while ioannis kapodistrias airport is at a distance of 3.5 km.
both come with floor heating.
the property is well situated for outdoor activities such as hiking, mountain biking and horse riding.
guests can enjoy a meal with family and friends in the barbecue area.
leijay resort is located in galle, a 10-minute drive from galle fort.
many activities are available in the area including hiking, cycling, surfing and museum visits.
guests are also welcome to prepare meals in the fully furnished common kitchen.
several shopping centres and restaurants are in the closest vicinity of the hotel nemzeti budapest - mgallery by sofitel, while the keleti railway station is just a 5-minute drive from the property.
the property offers free parking.
at shahbaaz group of houseboats you will find a garden and a shared kitchen.
simferopol central train station is 100 km away, and simferopol international airport is 130 km from the hotel.
some rooms at mini-hotel gosti have a tv with cable channels and a sea view.
some rooms come with a shared bathroom, and cottages include a private bathroom.
rooms here come with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv.
the friendly staff of the mayflower will be happy to provide tourist information and recommend city tours.
restaurants and shops can be found within a 2-minute walk of anaxemander.
in-house spa and wellness amenities include a hot tub, sauna, a variety of massages and spa treatments and a fitness centre.
guests are served a daily complimentary breakfast.
the michelin starred pavarotti milano restaurant museum offers haute cuisine dishes.
the property features views of the sea and is 600 metres from fisherman's beach.
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
the kitchenette has a refrigerator and a dining area.
jindalai hotel is set in yanji.
set in riotorto, 44 km from grosseto, brancatelli features a seasonal outdoor pool and barbecue.
les greniers du mont blanc offers self-catering chalets in the mountain village of passy, 10 km from saint gervais-les-bains, featuring views of the mountains and towards mont blanc.
cosmopolitan parga town is at 3 km.
the guest house is 3.4 km from marrakech train station and 8 km from marrakech-menara airport.
rustaveli theatre is 1.6 km from coral boutique hotel, while freedom square is 2.3 km away. tbilisi international airport is 15 km from the property.
there are many hiking trails in the area or you can explore the countryside by bicycle.
some rooms have a balcony with city views.
the main restaurant serves an american buffet breakfast, lunch buffet with show cooking and a rich buffet dinner with grill show cooking and pizza baked in a wood oven.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
guests can enjoy various dishes at the restaurant or have a drink at the bar.
it has also 12 sport courts, including soccer, tennis and sand volleyball.
the hostel has a shared kitchen for guests’ use, and there is a barbecue on the terrace.
it offers free wi-fi and a traditional restaurant serving high-quality cuisine.
a breakfast is served daily and guests can also make use of a communal kitchen to prepare their meals.
lisikha bus stop is nearby.
the hotel’s on-site restaurant serves breakfast for guests’ convenience.
guests have access to a shared kitchen and lounge.
a local bus stop can be found in 50 metres while zadar airport is 9 km from the property.
the bedrooms include a wardrobe and the private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower.
rustic bungalow and villas with a private bathroom await guests.
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to your room every morning.
massage is available and there is a laundry and ironing service.
free wifi is available in common areas.
elegance hotel 81 is a short 10-minute walk from lavender mrt station.
apartmani zelengora also includes a barbecue.
mountain biking and hiking trails are located a short distance from the hotel.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
free private parking is available on site.
each room is decorated in neutral colours and has a seating area.
hotel next2 is located in the historic beyoğlu district.
continental breakfast products such as cheese, luncheon meat and eggs are provided daily.
guests will find a continental breakfast in the refrigerator and a welcome tray with still or sparkling water and tea and coffee making facilities.
in a central, vibrant area of the west end, this boutique style hotel is within 5 minutes' walk of oxford street, soho, theatreland and within easy reach of london's financial centre.
a 5-minute walk from the beach in civitanova marche, vela sea offers a garden, large kitchen and living room for shared use.
you will find a wide choice of amenities such as turkish bath with caldarium, turkish bath with laconicum, cold mist showers, tropical rain showers and kneipp baths.
restaurants, bars and grocers can be found within walking distance.
the property offers free parking.
a transfer service from/to both ciampino and fiumicino airports is available on request.
tatra national parl can be reached in 10 minutes on foot.
featuring a seafront location, apartment villa by the sea is a self-catering accommodation in vinišće.
factory outlets and calico ghost town are both 10 minutes’ drive from the barstow route 66 hotel.
just 300 metres from the jakubova lúka ski centre, this apartment house can be found 1 km from the centre of starý smokovec.
the 2 simply-decorated living rooms come with flat-screen tv and sofa beds, as well as a dining room.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
albergo la corte albertina is 9 km from the a33 motorway and a 20-minute drive from alba.
located in the centre of casablanca, a 6-minute drive from the sea and a 7-minute drive from hassan ii mosque, casablanca sweet home features moroccan traditional architecture and design.
certain rooms have views of the mountains or garden.
each apartment has a balcony, living and dining areas and a kitchen with stove, refrigerator, electric kettle and toaster.
the nearest airport is alicante airport, 10 km from apartamento postiguet 2.
they are all equipped with a mini fridge.
enjoy free wifi at kristinos apartamentai-malūno vilos.
innovative service apartment hinjewadi offers an outdoor swimming pool.
popular activities in and around poza de la sal include hiking and hunting.
set in a renovated winemaker's house, domaine de blaignac is surrounded by a garden and offers b&b accommodation.
guests can enjoy the restaurant’s lounge area, featuring cocktails and karaoke nights.
each room is located on the ground floor has an en suite shower room, as well as a flat-screen tv, radio and tea and coffee making facilities.
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, ironbark inn is located 3 minutes' drive from barcaldine's town centre.
an sofa bed or extra bed are available under request.
nice côte d'azur airport is located 17 km away.
free wifi is available at the neighbouring guest house.
wide selection of local and world famous wines is available.
set on the beachfront in southern morocco, this air-conditioned hotel offers guest rooms and apartments with a sea view and free wi-fi. the restaurant serves moroccan specialities made from seasonal produce.
free private parking is available.
apartments mirjana features free wifi.
other services offered include a laundry.
restaurants and bars can be found just 0.2 miles away.
the property offers free parking.
ao nang beach and rai lay beach can be reached within a 45-minute drive from p guesthouse.
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 4.8 km away.
each room is furnished with a flat-screen tv.
hotel san miguel is located in central morelia, 750 metres from the city’s main square and cathedral.
bed sheets are included, and towels are available for to rent.
private parking is available on site.
the cottages have 2 rooms, a private bathroom, a refrigerator and a patio with a seating area.
gold coast airport is a 25-minute drive away.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
daily housekeeping service and 24-hour frontdesk are provided for guest convenience.
there is a spacious lounge, breakfast, and dining room area.
in only a 5-minute drive guests can reach the sevastopol’ resort, and explore local sights such as the tavric khersonnes open-air museum.
it offers free wi-fi and views of tropical gardens.
danae apartments staff are available 24 hours a day, and can assist you with luggage storage.
bogense beach is 19 km from tværskov mølle b&b.
the property also offers free parking.
the fully-equipped kitchen has all the necessary utensils to cook meals and includes a coffee machine and a dishwasher.
leksand town centre is less than a 10-minute walk away.
fiordland self contained cottages are 5 minutes’ drive from the te anau wildlife centre. it is 20 minutes’ drive from lake manapouri. there are several shops and restaurants within 10 minutes’ drive.
located within a 100-metre radius, all apartments feature a seating area with an lcd tv, a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
the beautiful gardens feature an outdoor swimming pool and rare grass tennis court.
guests are 15-minute walk from the municipal stadium.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, as well as a cd player are available.
it offers, a shared kitchen and tropical gardens.
the hotel also features a games room, ticketing services and free parking.
a storage room for ski equipment is available.
free parking is available, as well as free wi-fi and a 24-hour reception.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv. there is a balcony and a terrace, as well as a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. the bathrooms also come with a bidet.
guest house on neteka is located in suzdal, 600 metres from the historic centre.
guests can enjoy massage services in-room or by the pool.
holiday home sløruglevej slagelse xi is located in korsør.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
the full kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave, electric kettle and toaster.
free satellite tv channels are available upon request.
guest rooms at chicago marriott northwest have cable tv including hbo and espn.
the nearest airport is saratov tsentralny airport, 47 km from the property.
an en suite bathroom is provided as well and comes with free toiletries.
it provides private parking. free wifi is featured .
breakfast is available every morning from 04:00 until 12:00.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen.
centro hotel blankenburg was built in 1890.
burgas airport is reachable within 26 km.
lourdes airport is 40 km from this property.
chisinau water tower is 2.5 km from the hotel. mazarachi church is 12 minutes’ drive away.
ideal for preparing home-cooked meals, the kitchen comes with a dishwasher, coffee machine and dining table.
the accommodation offers a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave, an outdoor dining area and bbq facilities.
this 1-bedroom apartment features a 42-inch flat-screen tv and a dvd player. it includes an intimate balcony and a seating area with a sofa.
the mediterranean garden features a swimming pool and a pond.
a daily breakfast is available and included for certain rates.
the kitchen includes a hob, dishwasher and washing machine.
the rooms have free wired internet and wifi along with seating areas.
guests are welcome to explore the surrounding hiking and cycling trails.
daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
some rooms include a sofa and a balcony.
at ejecutivos aparthotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared terrace, and guests can find a wide range of restaurants and bars within a short 5-minute walk.
they are surrounded by a lush green garden with lots of flowers and trees.
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
breakfast is served daily in the dining area of koutriaris hotel and it is included in the room rate.
offering views over the garden, the mountain or the ionian sea, the units of blue horizon are fitted with wooden furnishings, soft tones and marble floors.
offering ocean views and beach access, this campbell river campsite features an on-site launderette.
the gardener museum of architecture and design is 5 miles from the hotel.
the property offers free parking.
it also includes a complete bathroom and a garden with outdoor barbecue facilities.
each cottage is decorated in natural colours with wooden furniture.
wine and cheese tasting is also available.
private parking is available on site.
jiaxing olympic hotel is 6 km from jiaxing train station and the city centre.
tianya haijiao tourist area is around a 30-minute drive from the promised garden. sanya east mosque can be reached in under 20 minutes by car.
seasonal japanese multi-course meals are available for dinner.
local attractions include hull arena, the humber bridge, the waterfront and the deep aquarium.
the hills of chianti are within 35 km of il corbezzolo.
the nearest airport is batumi international airport, 27 km from mini hotel on guramishvili 22.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
just 50 metres from lake sankt moritz and 800 metres from the ski lift, apartmenthaus skyline offers an apartment with a furnished balcony looking out onto the mountains and ski resort.
featuring a bath, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
parking is free at the hotel.
lake bolsena is 29 km from the property, while orbetello is a 1-houur drive away.
some of the riads are also equipped with outdoor plunge pools.
towels and bed linen are offered.
all units are air conditioned and include a tv.
the non-smoking studios and apartments at somerset salcedo makati come with modern interiors and wooden furnishings.
hotel sheraton jeddah is less than a 5-minutes drive from jeddah’s beachfront activities at the promenade.
the nearest grocery store is 150 metres away, while a restaurant can be found 300 metres from the studio jazzinne.
it offers free wifi, a snack bar and rooms with cable tv and a balcony.
the nearest airport is valencia airport, 8 km from the property.
the unit is 2.9 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre.
featuring a bathtub, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
located in the middle of hurghada marina, one bedroom sea view studio features a rooftop terrace that overlooks the marina.
en suite bathrooms have bathrobes, free toiletries and shower facilities.
this family-oriented holiday park is located on the edge of zeewolde in the natural surroundings of horsterwold.
nicely located, villa cielo is within 40 minutes’ drive from beautiful cap de formentor.
there are 2 bathrooms.
the open-plan kitchen includes an oven, a dishwasher and a dining area and a washing machine is at guests’ disposal.
guests can listen to the piano and relax at the lounge, which overlooks the garden.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with ironing facilities and tea and coffee-making facilities.
free wi-fi and an on-site fitness centre are also available.
there is a security desk by each entrance and 2 elegant elevators for guests' use.
it also has a kitchenette with fridge and a private bathroom with hot shower facilities.
miami international airport is 20 minutes’ drive away.
offering a barbecue and views of the sea, apartments drlja is situated in primošten in the sibenik-knin county region.
the air-conditioned rooms' brand new facilities include a minibar, a safety box and a private bathroom with a bathtub.
it is 40 km to hannover conference grounds, and free wifi internet access is available throughout.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave.
apartments at sixenhof are spacious and have 2 or 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, living room, kitchen, dining area, dishwasher and satellite tv.
free wifi access is available.
mamas apts consists of 5 buildings and offers fully equipped accommodation with free wifi and a balcony overlooking the city.
toronto pearson international airport is a 15-minute drive from the north toronto super 8.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and cycling.
the wellness facilities of the house are available in the winter season and include a finnish and an infrared sauna for a surcharge.
samara inn hotel is 5 blocks from samara ́s main street, featuring restaurants, bars and boutiques.
supermarkets, bars and restaurants can be found just 50 metres away.
some units have a sea view or terrace.
the self-catering apartments all feature free wifi and a living area with area with a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchenette, and a dining area.
lux apartments is 300 metres from a sports and leisure centre.
named after the aeolian islands, the air-conditioned en suite rooms feature typical decorative details.
it offers free wi-fi, a wine bar and a restaurant.
the lodge features a saltwater pool with surrounding patio, ideal for those looking to relax in comfort while soaking up the sun.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
the air-conditioned studios come with a satellite tv and balcony with sea view.
decorated in bright colours, the heated house includes a lounge with a fireplace, sofas, a flat-screen tv and a dining table.
all rooms are decorated with natural hardwood floors and beamed ceilings.
guests can also explore the forest-covered mount menalon, or visit europe’s only remaining pre-industrial hydropower museum.
the property is a 5-minute drive from the saba ray riding stables and a 15-minute drive from bali bird park and marine park.
child sheep restaurant serves chinese hot pot for guests to enjoy.
palácio da bolsa is 150 metres from porto de rio, and the iconic clérigos church is within a 10-minute walk.
breakfast is provided each morning at la bournerie.
guests have access to a public bike hire station in front of the hotel.
all of the spacious rooms have satellite tv, and some have a balcony.
the ötztal premium card is included in all rates from june to mid-october and offers free rides on the cable cars, lifts and buses, free guided hiking tours, free access to public baths and lakes and many more benefits.
hualien city centre is a 15-minute drive away.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation with a sea-view balcony and a terrace.
all spacious guest rooms include microwaves, refrigerators, coffee makers, irons, ironing boards, hair dryers and cable television with hbo.
guests of denver tech center la quinta inn & suites can enjoy a workout in the hotel fitness centre.
the rauris hochalmbahnen ski area is 150 metres away, and a sled run can be reached on foot in 3 minutes.
it includes a bistro and butcher's on site.
the rooms at the penzion chata felicia have a tv, carpeted flooring and a private bathroom.
zahara de los atunes has a range of cafés, bars and restaurants.
guests will also be 11 miles from world of coca cola.
situated along yuam river, river house resort features cosy rooms with modern interiors.
ironing facilities are available on request.
it has a games room with billiards.
only 200 metres from the popular bačvice beach, gim apartment is a self-catering accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi access.
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
there is also a trampoline in the garden for the younger guests.
set in mösern, 4 km from seefeld, hotel lärchenhof natur offers rooms and apartments with a balcony or terrace that have views of the surrounding mountains.
trieste harbour is 2.8 km from b&b bidermaier, while faro della vittoria is 3.4 km from the property.
arcona living bach14 offers modern interiors designed on the theme of musical instruments.
the light-flooded apartment comes with wooden floors and dark stone tiles.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
schwanden bei brienz and lake brienz are a 15-minute drive away.
studio gornaya offers accommodation in divnomorskoye, 9 km from gelendzhik.
aqaba castle is 5 minutes by car, and king hussein international airport is 12 km away from rosa hotel.
air-conditioned rooms are features a tv with cable channels, safety deposit box and desk.
the parisian hotel is walking distance from the beach and just 10-minutes drive from the international airport.
located on a sprawling beach-side golf course along the pacific coast of acapulco, this luxurious hotel features on-site spa services, spacious rooms with sea views and a beach club.
this property is a 10-minute walk from central kommetje.
located in a building featuring an indoor pool, a spa area and a restaurant serving austrian cuisine, apartment 217 im aparthotel kleinwalsertal enjoys a convenient location next to a ski slope in mittelberg.
you can enjoy sea view and city view from all the rooms.
at the motel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
hotel versey offers a free daily newspaper is also available.
the hotel has an outdoor pool, and a terrace with extensive sea views. all rooms have air conditioning and free wi-fi.
there is also a restaurant inside the hotel which has been cheerfully decorated to reflect the region of spain in which it is set.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
rooms at one hotel all come with air conditioning, a tv and windows offering city views.
a bus stopping 200 metres away takes you to mezzocorona train station.
free pick-up shuttles are offered from jr osaka station, a 7-minute drive away.
villa tolstogo offers individually decorated rooms and apartments featuring brightly coloured décor.
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the modern en suite rooms are individually decorated, bright and spacious, with 2 ground floor rooms available.
free on-site parking is available.
the oberhouse apartments offer attractively furnished, spacious accommodation with free wifi.
moroccan cuisine is offered at the tajine restaurant, and the nightclub offers entertainment.
tivat airport is 20 km away.
wi-fi internet access is available throughout the condor.
extras include a barbecue, bed linen and cleaning products.
the well-known kalemegdan fortress and park are 1 km away from the property.
the dar bladi is a traditional moroccan guest house located in talmasla, just outside ouarzazate.
towels and bed linen are available.
batumi archeological museum is 1.2 km from apartment giorgi.
free wifi is available in the public areas.
guests can enjoy free morning coffee during their stay.
there is a restaurant and tour desk on-site.
at saigon hotel you will find a sauna, a 24-hour front desk and a meeting room.
from beutelsbach s-bahn (city rail) station, just 3 km from the hotel, guests can reach stuttgart central station in 20 minutes.
the city's old square with its many casual bars and restaurants is a 3-minute bicycle ride away.
the property offers free parking and a delicious daily breakfast with local items.
the fully-equipped kitchen is equipped with a microwave, hobs and kitchenware; and it is completed with a washing machine.
enjoy your favorite beverage while watching your local sports team, the weather or the news on one of the pub's four lcd televisions. take a step back in history and learn about the yellowstone trail while enjoying a relaxing beverage or dinner, all while not having to leave the premises.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
a bar is open 24 hours a day.
car and bike rentals can be arranged by the 24-hour reception.
yukata robes are provided, and a humidifier/air-purifier can be borrowed at the reception.
there is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
offering luxurious 5-star leisure facilities, shangri-la guangzhou features commanding views of the pearl river and beautifully landscaped grounds.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out rialto bridge (700 metres) and grand canal (900 metres).venice marco polo airport is located 8 km away.
featuring a terrace, mountains edge holiday inn & family bungalow offers accommodation in bandarawela, 28 km from nuwara eliya.
the hotel is a 3-minute walk from nana bts skytrain station and a 5-minute walk from ploen chit bts skytrain station.
the property is 3 km from el campin coliseum and 3 km from corferias international exhibition center.
ferienwohnung traudl singer is within 500 metres of götzens town centre, a supermarket, restaurant the götzner bahn ski lift, and a ski bus stop.
you can drive to the city centre in 8 minutes, and the train station is a 15-minute walk away.
private bathroom features free toiletries and a hair dryer.
there is a children’s playground and table tennis available.
the rooms and apartments of lavender feature a modern interior.
sanbona - designerapartment deluxe offers a modern and stylish apartment, which features a fully-equipped kitchen, a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
ploče ferry port offering links to pelješac peninsula is within 15 km.
the aveiro train station is an 8-minute walk and connects with porto and lisbon.
gibraltar is 1 hour’s drive away.
all rooms have a bathroom with a shower. they further come with a tv and a seating area.
there is an equipped kitchen and a supermarket can be found a few steps away.
set in the charming gracia district in barcelona, rua suites is a stylish accommodation featuring bright rooms and free wifi.
seychelles international airport is 6 km away.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
camping bella terra features a bar and a restaurant, which serves grilled meat, paellas and meals to take away.
guests can enjoy a drink or enjoy a meal in the property's bar.
free private parking is available on site.
the hotel rooms are situated in a renovated grain shed and have a private bathroom.
situated just 2 minutes’ walk from lincolnshire beach, the grange & links hotel stands in 4 acres of private grounds and features a gym, tennis courts and an 18-hole links golf course.
tréport-mers-les-bains train station is only a 10-minute walk away.
you can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling and diving.
offering free wifi, apartments deutz is a self-catering accommodation located in cologne.
surrounded by peaceful nature in a quiet area confiture sur l’oreiller is 3 minutes away from local shops by car.
the centrally located hotel is just 900 metres from cologne cathedral.
free wifi access is available throughout and there is a sun terrace and garden where guests can relax.
the holiday home is 65 km from alicante airport.
public parking is available nearby.
the property offers free parking.
laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are offered upon request.
rooms come with a balcony, flat-screen tv and refrigerator.
it features air-conditioned rooms, free wifi throughout, and a bar on site.
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport, 78 km from leśny dworek.
each guestroom at the days inn campton boasts cable tv and a work desk.
take advantage of hotel setar's free private parking.
free parking is available.
while staying at an'nupuri niseko northern resort, guests can unwind at the library lounge fitted with international books and internet pcs or receive rejuvenating massages at the spa.
during winter, public transport is free.
all units include a kitchen, dining area and a flat-screen tv.
gästehaus ruh’s rustic restaurant serves dishes from the baden region.
sea breeze beach hotel’s air-conditioned rooms offer an ipod docking station, flat-screen tv with satellite channels, a safety deposit box and a mini-fridge.
hotel rural en escalante las solanas is set in cantabria’s green countryside, just 4 km from berria beach.
the property is 6.9 km from zieleniec and 7.2 km from zieleniec ski resort.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ondina beach (2.4 km) and lacerda elevator (3.4 km).luis eduardo magalhães airport is located 23 km away.
at casa vacanza alonzo you will find a 24-hour front desk.
all rooms at haus steinberg feature homelike interiors with cable tv.
free parking is available at the tagungszentrum georg leber haus.
situated in berlin's vibrant prenzlauer berg district, this hotel offers bright, comfortably furnished rooms.
guests can also try a range of beverages and snacks in the on-site café.
car rental facilities are also available.
free maps, board games and luggage storage are also available at reception.
all rooms are equipped with tv, telephone, and en suite bathroom.
rodez marcillac airport is only 7.8 kilometres away from the ferme de bourran.
certain units feature a private bathroom with a hot tub, while others have bath robes and free toiletries.
la bégude has free bicycle rental and a fenced private car park.
alternatively guests can visit the restaurants within walking range in the pedestrian bauman street.
reduced tickets for the domgarage (a public parking garage a 5-minute walk away) are available at the reception.
shared facilities include a laundry room and barbecue.
an umbrella and 2 chairs are offered for the beach.
corporate travelers will appreciate conveniences like access to copy and fax services and a public computer with internet access.
the ben thanh market and ho chi minh fine arts museum are within a 5-minute walk away.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
featuring air conditioning and free wifi in all areas, pension reina josefina is located in granada.
after a long day you can return to the comfort of your spacious and well-appointed guest room, boasting luxurious new bedding with soft, cotton-rich linens.
located 10 minutes' walk from hornsby train station, these fully equipped apartments have spacious private balconies.
it is a 10-minute journey to tsim sha tsui by train and an hour's ride to the airport. a 15-minute drive leads to hong kong convention and exhibition centre.
at domek pod lasem na mazurach you will find a terrace and free private parking.
forest-park marjan is located right next to meje and guests can enjoy jogging, hiking or picnics in nature.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured.
guests can find a wide range of restaurants and bars within a 10-minute walk.
you can enjoy city view from the room.
simply furnished rooms at the karczma come with a flat-screen tv. each provides a private bathroom featuring a shower cabin.
towels and bed linen are provided.
just 150 metres from pissouri beach in limassol, katikies 14 offers self-catering accommodation with private pool, sun terrace with sun loungers and a blossomed garden.
the tour desk provides information about bogota ́s culture agenda, including theatre and art shows.
guests will find a comfortable lobby with tv lounge area, bar and library.
private parking is available, also for free.
free parking is provided.
guests have access to shared bathroom facilities.
please note: the reception desk is closed after 21:00.
ataturk airport is within 22 km.
appartementhaus sonnblick hochkönig has a large sun terrace, barbecue facilities, a table tennis table as well as ski storage boxes and a ski boot dryer.
a daily continental breakfast is provided.
this property offers modern rooms with free wi-fi and air conditioning.
jerusalem's nahalat shiva district has plenty of shops, cafés and bars for both day and night-time entertainment.
horse riding is available on site and free parking is also provided.
a hearty buffet breakfast is provided each morning.
the walls are painted by paolo baratella.
barceloneta and its port are 1 km from the property.
a continental breakfast is served daily.
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar and snacks, sandwiches and drinks can be bought from the vending machines in the lobby.
guests can cook in the shared kitchen or use on-site barbecue facilities.
the property offers free parking.
novo rio bus station is 22 km from west village, and galeão international airport is 28 km away.
onehome yalong international hotel is a 10-minute drive from the expo and a 20-minute drive from the bund.
playa hermosa is 22 km away.
in the evening, the on-site bar served cold and hot beverages and snacks.
the 24-hour reception includes a tour desk.
the elegant bar and lounge features a summer terrace, and serves a wide range of drinks and snacks.
guests can unwind with a massage or soak in the hot public bath.
the four-bedroom apartment is provided with satellite-tv in the living area, two double bedrooms and two twin bedrooms.
rooms are bright and well-appointed.
onn hotel is 102 km from chandigarh domestic airport and 140 km from amritsar international airport.
shah faisal mosque is 11 km from cool sun fully furnished home, while pakistan monument is 11 km from the property.
each apartment comes with a living room with a flat-screen tv and free wi-fi.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
split airport is located 40 km from the property and airport shuttle can be arranged for.
you can take part in barbecue evenings, hiking tours, play table tennis and enjoy bathing in the nearby faaker see lake.
at homestay garden rest kandy you will find a garden, shared lounge and barbecue facilities.
saint sarkis cathedral is 100 metres from guest house on demokraticheskiy, while novy vek shopping centre is 800 metres away.
the hotel is located 600 metres from belo horizonte bus station.
the apartment is 11 km from beaches of south walton.
located in sankt veit im pongau, haus sonnenterrasse offers a seasonal outdoor pool and self-catering apartments in alpine style with free wi-fi and a balcony with views of the surrounding mountains.
russian, european and japanese dishes are served in the talnakh’s classically furnished restaurant.
villa čerych features free wifi .
a flat-screen tv, a minibar and facilities for making tea and coffee are provided.
the bascom: center for the visual arts is 650 metres away from the property.
the quadruple room features a flat-screen tv.
piazza bra is 900 metres from corticella apartment, while church of st. eufemia is 800 metres away.
the accommodation is fitted with a tv. there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher.
the property is a 10-minute drive to viphavadee waterfall.
surrounded by the greenery of the radicondoli countryside, casa vacanze il casettino features an outdoor pool and free wifi in all areas.
at casa rural virgen de las cruces you will find a 24-hour front desk, and a coffee machine is available in the reception area.
river de linge is 3 km away, while lake slingelandse plassen is 9 km.
air-conditioned rooms at sealife family resort hotel all open out onto a private balconies, most with mediterranean sea views.
bulgarian and international cuisine is served throughout the day.
the well-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine is available, as well.
featuring a tiled stove in the rustic-style living room, this 3-bedroom house is located in the minho region of portugal, pico de regalados.
you can play tennis at the property, and bike hire and car hire are available.
it offers modern accommodation and a continental breakfast.
a restaurant specialising in local cuisine is available on site, as well as a bar.
air-conditioned rooms at hotel hz feature a flat-screen tv, minibar and private bathroom with a hot shower.
the non-smoking apartment features a tv and a seating area.
treat yourself to drinks at the bar or a variety of bulgarian and international dishes at the restaurant.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
set on 3 levels, villa elvira includes air conditioning, a satellite flat-screen tv, and soundproofing in all the bedrooms.
the hotel also offers car hire.
hotel bukit asri offers air-conditioned accommodation a 5-minute drive from diponegoro university.
coffee and cakes are served in the über den wolken restaurant, which is located on the 35th floor and offers views of lübeck bay.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, jiaozuo city kangxin hotel offers accommodation with attentive service. free wifi is accessible in all areas.
during the day, you can enjoy refreshing drinks and lights snacks from the pool bar.
it features free bicycles and free wifi throughout.
each room is fitted with a tv.
the unit is equipped with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is featured.
located 6.7 km from eden island marina, armony residence holiday apartment offers accommodation in mahe.
guests will be just 180 metres from adventure island amusement park.
the nearest airport is mostar international airport, 7 km from guest house mirza.
the property offers free parking.
the property offers free parking.
located just 10 minutes’ walk from the famous walking arbat street in moscow, these apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen and free wi-fi. smolenskaya metro station is less than 1 km away.
this holiday park offers a range of accommodation options, from studios with basic kitchenette to cottages with shared bathroom and kitchen facilities.
kings lynn golf club is 1.5 miles away and historical castle rising can be reached in 5 minutes’ drive.
featuring 5 private hot spring baths and accommodation with a magnificent sea view, oceanview villa jaiz is located in ito, just a 15-minute taxi ride from jr ito train station.
bad worishöfen train station is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
the rooms at the ambassadeur are equipped with ensuite facilities, a flat-screen tv and a telephone.
bed linen is available.
bicycles can be rented at rohonci vendégház and free parking is possible on site.
rooms here will provide you with a tv and a seating area. there is also an electric kettle.
parelduyn offers luxurious studios with a french balcony or private terrace and includes free wi-fi, a flat-screen cable tv and dvd player. it features wellness facilities and is 11 km from middelburg.
a bus stopping 100 metres away links with catania and palermo.
for instance, germany’s largest nordic walking park is located here very close to the hotel.
each room here will provide you with a tv, tea/coffee making facilities and a private bathroom with a shower.
children can enjoy the playground, while the whole family can relax in the communal picnic area or on one of the many vineyard walks.
situated close to séjours & affaires courbevoie grande arche, l’espace carpeaux features cinemas, shows and exhibitions.
las americas international airport near santo domingo is a 30-minute drive away.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and bath.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
featuring cable tv, each en suite room at newport bay motel is equipped with tea and coffee making facilities, a fridge and microwave.
surrounded by forest, the gasthof waldluft has peaceful rooms decorated in a traditional, mountain style.
a 24-hour fitness centre offering concierge and yoga services is offered at the hotel.
the restaurant offers both regional and international dishes.
located close to the main bus station and surrounded by many shops and cafes, the hotel 18km away from world-famous iguazu falls.
each also comes with a private bathroom with bathtub or shower.
free private parking is also provided on site and the centre of caen is 23 km away.
the property is 3 km from ao nang krabi boxing stadium and 3.5 km from nopparat thara beach.
just steps from local vietnamese food stalls and cafés, tuyen son hotel is 2.5 km from my khe beach and 3.5 km from han river. it features complimentary wi-fi access and private parking.
guests can get assistance with laundry, ironing and other requests at the 24-hour front desk.
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
bathing amenities include slippers and free toiletries, along with a hairdryer.
avellino is 12 km away.
this pet-friendly hotel offers coin operated guest laundry, as well as a 24-hour front desk.
opening to a patio and terrace with pool, garden and mountain views, the 4-bedroom villa pantelis includes air conditioning, a fireplace and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area. a seating area with a tv and a bathroom with free toiletries and bathrobes come standard.
country house in ruzino also includes a sauna.
all rooms are beautifully decorated and well-appointed with bathroom amenities and a hospitality tray.
hotel oceano also boasts its own restaurant, specializing in seafood and international cuisine.
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport, 18 km from the property.
the nearest airport is split airport, 4 km from seascape apartments.
featuring free wifi, guesthouse zhemchuzhina offers accommodation in loo.
a shared lounge and games room are available.
the private bathrooms also come with a shower.
udomsuk hotel offers accommodation in the heart of satun city.
local eateries are within a 5 minute walk of the property, in central matlock.
this hotel in caucaia is 50 metres from iparana beach.
wine cellars with tasting programs can be found within a 5-minute walk and the nearest restaurant is 500 metres away.
a flat-screen tv and blu-ray player is offered.
magpie villa is located in jaipur. it is 2 km from jaipur junction railway station and local bus station.
pula airport can be reached in 5 km.
cross-country ski trails, an illuminated toboggan run and an ice skating rink are a 10-minute drive from the property.
the yakima valley museum is just 2.8 miles from the yakima knights inn. fisher park golf course is 10 minutes' drive away.
the cape quarter lifestyle village is 500 metres away and hosts a variety of shops, restaurants and a supermarket.
varna airport is 12 km from the property.
the nearest airport is odessa international airport, 8 km from luxury apartment near sea.
in the wintertime, guests can go skiing or rent sledges at the rinerhorn davos ski area.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv.
there is a large living room area, complete with bar, billiards and newspapers.
a wood-burning stove is also included.
melbourne airport is located 25.5 km from the property.
the rooms at pension ttt are simply furnished and include an lcd cable tv.
there is a coffee plunger, hairdryer, electric blankets, ironing facilities and heating in all units.
all rooms at the acebos cangas come with an en suite bathroom. there is a safety deposit box and a tv in each of the rooms.
casa vacanza is located in residence gioiosa mare and offers self-catering accommodation.
in summer the sunbathing lawn with a pool, a barbecue area and a ping-pong table invites you to relax.
phuket international airport is a 45-minute journey away by car.
the accommodation features a sofa, a terrace and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
enseada shopping is 1.7 km from apartamento no inicio da enseada, and guarulhos international airport is 111 km away.
each room at bed and breakfast aratro & rosmarino will provide you with a satellite flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
less than 100 metres from discovery shopping mall, water boom theme park and kuta beach, kuta station hotel and spa offers an outdoor lap pool with sun loungers.
relaxation options include a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities.
uralskiy guest house is located in adler, 220 metres from black sea beach.
rooms are air-conditioned, and feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a wardrobe and a minibar.
on-site parking is free and the nearest bus stop is 50 metres away.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, alden residence is situated in kargicak, 17 km from sapadere canyon.
each is air-conditioned and simply furnished.
with accommodation for 6 persons, principe real deluxe by re features a living room with fireplace, piano and flat-screen cable tv.
zemborzyce train station is 7 km away.
mukda place is 800 metre from the hot springs and 900 metres from a local market.
bed linen is available.
the villa offers a garden and a terrace, air conditioning, a living room with a sofa, a dvd player and a flat-screen tv, a kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining area, and a bathroom with a spa bath.
laundry with dry cleaning service is available.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a dishwasher.
a private bathroom and a minibar come as standard in the lavinia’s rooms.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, zostel rishikesh offers accommodation in rishikesh 35 km from dehradun.
located in the settlement of ukanc, rooms lake bohinj offers free wifi access and free-to-use bbq facilities.
the house at the casa rosa has a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
further on-site facilities include free ski storage, a ski school and a ski equipment rental.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
air conditioning is provided at villa big white.
they all include free wifi, a flat-screen tv, minibar, and bathroom.
the bright, pet-friendly accommodation includes a seating area with a sofa and a tv. most units open onto a furnished balcony or terrace with north sea views.
guest rooms at prince monceau include a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a magnifying mirror.
the miami seaquarium is 20.8 km away.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
rio de janeiro/ galeão international airport is 26 km away.
at sunset suites you can count on 24-hour front desk assistance and enjoy the bar.
decorated in different colour tones with hardwood floors, rooms at the boutique hotel feature air conditioning, a flat-screen tv with cable and a minibar. the private bathroom features a bath robe, amenities and a hair dryer.
apartment tichot iii tignes is 5-room apartment on 2 levels on the 5th floor.
other facilities here include a barbeque, shared lounge, and free bike rental.
set in the sardinian countryside, l'oca azzurra turismo rurale is 4 km outside olmedo.
the hotel features free internet access, a restaurant and a bar.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
offering free wi-fi access and free private parking, this hotel was opened in 2011.
breakfast is available every morning at an extra charge and a variety of restaurants and bars can be found in the immediate area.
tour the anheuser-busch brewery, see the animals at the jacksonville zoo or spend the day at one of numerous beautiful beaches, all only moments from the homewood suites jacksonville-south/st. johns center.
all apartments have a kitchenette and modern bathroom facilities.
packed lunches can be requested.
hiking, fishing and snorkeling can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
bikes can be rented for free.
the accommodation is a 5 minutes’ walk from bars and restaurants.
some come with a balcony and a mountain view.
with their room confirmation details, guests have use of the db (deutsche bahn) lounge within the train station. guests also enjoy free public transport in stuttgart for the length of their stay.
key elements of decoration from the old school have been preserved, such as the blackboard and an antique desk.
rooms feature functional décor and all include air conditioning, a plasma tv and a private bathroom.
rocafort metro station is just outside the door.
the two-bedroom apartment features a private bathroom satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave. a flat-screen tv , blu-ray player and dvd player, as well as a cd player are offered.
t lisbon rooms insuites has a shuttle service at and additional cost, and lisbon internation airport is around 7 km away.
drinks from the bar can be enjoyed on the terrace, which affords city views.
the southeast texas regional airport is 12 miles from hotel.
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms, and an underfloor heating is available throughout the property.
this house includes a terrace with a spacious lawn and a living room equipped with tv and a seating area.
all have a balcony, some with ocean views.
it is 2.6 km from messe dresden (exhibition grounds), 3.7 km from rosengarten (the rose garden) and 5 km from klotzsche airport.
mein appartement hürth köln features soundproofed apartments with natural stone wall details and contemporary furniture.
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
the e46-motorway is a 3-minute drive from the bed and breakfast.
situated a 5-minute drive from padang padang beach, ashana hotel boasts an outdoor swimming pool and free wifi access throughout.
surrounded by a blossomed garden, just 500 metres from kantouni beach, elies hotel features its own padi dive center and offers accommodation with furnished balconies. facilities include a sweet-water pool with pool bar, and spacious common areas with free wi-fi access.
there is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven.
take a stroll from the palazio into the small village of nerín to experience the typical mountain atmosphere. you can also use the hotel as a base to explore the canyons, glaciers and waterfalls of the stunning natural park.
ski storage room is provided for free and hiking and cycling trails are only steps away.
other services offered at the property include 24-hour front desk assistance and free parking.
some of the rooms also offer views of the patio.
bbq facilities and free on-site parking are also provided.
local specialities, sweet and savoury, are served daily for breakfast.
the hotel la renardière is located right at the ski slopes, 150 meters from the cable car, and only a 2-minute walk from the centre of villars.
a selection of restaurants and bars are located in the surrounding streets.
with a garden and a terrace, the villa has a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, coffee machine and microwave.
treviso airport is 144 km away.
local businesses offer water sports activities such diving.
an oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
portocolom town centre is 2 km from the property, and vall d’or golf club is 12 minutes’ drive away.
all rooms include heating and the shared bathroom comes with either a bath or shower and free toiletries.
each has a private bathroom with shower.
it houses a fitness centre, a tour desk and a restaurant.
the dedicated staff is happy to provide you with any information concerning restaurants, sights and belgrade's famous night life for a pleasurable and successful stay full of new impressions.
from the hotel you can visit the château de versailles or spend a day hiking through the rambouillet forest.
guests can prepare their meals in the common kitchenette with a fridge.
the klausberg ski area is a 7-minute drive from the apartments.
each unit is fitted with a shared bathroom with a bath or shower.
rooms come with a shared bathroom.
pizza is served at the outdoor coffee shop, while the hotel bar serves an à la carte menu.
satellite tv, a seating area and an en suite bathroom are provided in each room at days inn casa grande.
relax by the pool or enjoy a game of tennis, while the children have fun in dedicated facilities.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
guests can also access bbq facilities on site.
signal hill golf course is just 600 metres away from the majestic beach resort.
hotel vienna is only 200 metres from lambrate metro and train stations, which provide quick connection with milan's centre.
situated by the zemplínska šírava lake and the thermalpark šírava set only 50 metres away, hotel merkur offers accommodation in rooms, a restaurant and a terrace.
with garden views and a fan, apartments at acquazzurra have 2 double bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchenette and a seating area with tv.
also the filzmoos ski school and the bögel training lift can be found right next to the aparthotel olympia.
a heritage-listed mansion in the yarra valley wine region, chateau yering hotel offers elegant victorian-style suites in a garden setting.
the on-site restaurant serves dishes of european and georgian cuisine and a buffet breakfast is offered daily.
meeting rooms and function halls are available on site.
guests can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
studios at the princess include satellite tv and a modern bathroom.
the bed and breakfast is 500 metres from pazaryeri , 4 km from erythrai antique city and 4.5 km from alacati surf beach.
stylishly decorated, the spacious air-conditioned rooms at intercontinental have large double-glazed windows overlooking the city.
place des vosges can be reached within a 5-minute walk from the property and centre pompidou is 1 km away.
just 5 minutes’ walk from the beach, this pet-friendly motel is located in newport, oregon.
fresh-caught seafood and homemade bread are served in the on-site restaurant, which is decorated with the artwork of local artists.
property offers free airport shuttle service.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy various relaxation facilities such as a public hot-spring bath, a hot tub and a sauna room.
located in downtown somerset, kentucky, this hotel is a 7-minute drive from somersplash water park.
rivervine restaurant serves indian, chinese and continental delights.
chicago international airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and a private parking is available on site.
old meets new here, as they also include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and air conditioning.
rooms at the lillà hotel have en suite facilities and lcd tv with satellite and sky channels.
packed lunches can be requested.
you will find shops and restaurants in the area, and the property is located just by amiens zoo.
some rooms come with a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
the nearest airport is sanya phoenix international airport, 9 km from sanya westerly island chanyue guesthouse. nanshan temple is 20 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
en suite bathrooms feature a shower, bathtub and toiletries.
the a114 motorway is less than a 10-minute drive from pension haus bielke.
it is a 3-minute walk from eugene-delacroix museum.
the sweet venetian breakfast consists of milk, coffee, bread, juice, cereal, and cake.
blasbichler appartments is 65 km from bolzano.
it offers apartments with free wi-fi and a private terrace and sea views.
the unesco-protected town of alberobello is 6.5 km away, and it is a 30-minute drive to the beach at monopoli.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with a fridge.
in addition, they also feature a comfortable living area with a sofa, a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub or shower and a hairdryer.
the luxurious phoenix city hotel is located in guangzhou, a 20-minute drive from pazhou exhibition center.
located 150 metres from nou d’octubre metro station, and a 15-minute metro ride from the centre of valencia, bioparc apartment offers a private balcony and free wifi.
all rooms have en suite facilities, a tv and tea/coffee-making facilities.
each spacious room has moroccan berber décor.
melrose place features a charming garden where guests can relax on sun loungers overlooking the large swimming pool and watch a wide variety of bird-life.
select rooms have a balcony with view on massawippi lake or the neighbouring golf course.
it is set in a quiet area, 800 metres from chihuahua convention centre. plaza de armas square is a 5-minute drive away.
at luxury villa palmeraie you will find a garden and a terrace.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
offering a restaurant, the hotel has free wi-fi and on-site parking.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 70 km from guest house nataly.
the point villa mae hong son is 2 km from mae hong son airport and 3 km from the bus station.
the reyssouze river and a pond feature near the property and the village of pont de vaux is 1 km away.
featuring free wifi and a restaurant, peak hotel offers pet-friendly accommodation in mitoma.
togo b&b also offers outdoor lounge areas with hammocks.
free wi-fi access can be enjoyed throughout the hotel.
extras include a fan.
each room here will provide you with a tv, ceiling fan and a balcony.
located in a tropical and simple property by the beach in barú, ecohostel hakuna matata offers its guests a restaurant on site.
angels hotel is a quaint family-owned bed and breakfast located in san josé, a short walk from the city centre.
the coastal towns of can picafort and alcudia are within a 30-minute drive of the property.
the property is a 7-minute drive from huancavelica train station.
a continental breakfast is served each morning.
the dining room has a fireplace, and offers home-cooked meals using products grown in the property’s own gardens and on their farm.
at wave on waves you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace.
greet the morning with the breakfast buffet in the breakfast room.
you will find free shuttle service at the property.
the air-conditioned guest rooms at le temple des arts are decorated with unique features, such as hand-painted walls, fireplaces, buddha statues and marble bathrooms.
guests may cook their own meals in the apartment, or choose to go out to eat nearby. bairro alto features a wide range of restaurants, bars and cafés.
the old vicarage is a fine hotel in a conservation area, and is located north-east of nottingham.
staff are available 24 hours a day at the bed and breakfast and can advise on local excursions and activities.
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv.
it has a 24-hour reception.
a tv and fridge are included in all rooms at the olympic hotel. each has a private bathroom with shower.
the resort also provides laundry services and car rentals.
the kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
northern michigan university is 2 miles from this hotel.
for relaxation, guests can visit the thermal baths in the swiss town of bad zurzach (8 km).
free parking is available.
khabarovsk novy airport is 1 km away.
this charming luxury cottage hytte 7 is located at thyborøn camp site, which occupies a unique location between the sea and the fjord, and is within walking distance of the beach. it can accommodate up to six persons.
the parkhotel landau welcomes you to enjoy its quiet rooms with modern furnishings.
a traditional austrian inn is located 500 metres from the property, and several other restaurants and a supermarket can be found 5 km from the property.
all units have a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge.
mymahall residence is 1.7 km from kucukyali marina, izmir city centre is 13.8 km from the property. izmir adnan menderes airport is 22.6 km away.
tetotel apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in saint petersburg, right on the famous nevsky prospekt. ploshchad vosstaniya metro station and moskovsky train station are only 300 metres away.
staff can arrange boat trips around the gulf of trieste.
toraja villa is a 15-minute drive from nirwana golf course, 30-minute drive from central seminyak and a 60-minute drive to ngurah rai international airport.
the nearest airport is malaga airport, 51 km from hoyo 15.
there is also a tv and ironing facilities included.
a supermarket is a 2-minute walk away.
camp de l’arpa metro station is 150 metres from the apartments and the sagrada familia is a 15-minute walk away.
the nearest airport is cardiff airport, 19 km from 786 newport road.
horse riding stables can be found 3 km away.
the well-appointed rooms at yang ming shan tien lai resort & spa come with modern interiors.
the rooms at guesthouse matra bali are fully air conditioned and well equipped with a flat-screen tv, a wardrobe and a fridge.
chalet moos offers a self-catering accommodation with a terrace and mountain views, housed in a traditional wooden chalet and located in randa, 10 km from zermatt.
snacks and drinks are available at the bar at all hours.
a wide variety of bars and restaurants can be found in the area.
located near the main road linking katowice with szczyrk, the hotel is easily accessible by car or public transport.
free wifi is available.
parking is available.
a furnished balcony with pool and garden views is featured in all rooms.
free private parking is possible on site.
there is a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the lachtal ski resorts features 40 km of well-groomed slopes up to 2,222 metres above sea level.
the charming main town of folegandros island is 3 km away and features many bars and traditional taverns.
some bedrooms have vaulted ceilings.
varied buffet breakfasts can be enjoyed in the mornings.
the lima riverside area is 4 km away.
at marigold hostel you will find an airport shuttle, a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
the owner helps to organise various excursions and outdoor activities.
gasthaus roter hahn is located a 5-minute walk from the banks of the danube and 5 km from klosterneuburg’s centre.
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport, 12 km from the property.
at camping pod heaven an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment in jindřišská.
fitted with a balcony offering garden and pool views and a seating area, spacious rooms are air-conditioned, and feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a dvd player.
the luxurious hotel offers a fitness room, 2 restaurants and indoor and outdoor pools.
with afonso pena avenue views, the rooms at normandy hotel include a private bathroom, air conditioning, and a minibar.
at hotel tulum iguanas you will find a garden and a terrace.
there is also a pool billiard-table and a sitting room with a fireplace.
hot drinks can also be enjoyed.
all rooms of iguatemi business flat are equipped with air conditioning and wireless internet access.
luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
a doorman is available 24 hours at this rio de janeiro copacabana 302 b building.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
extra's include a washing machine with tumble dryer, garden furniture, a barbecue, a swing and a sandpit.
each is provided with a welcome kit including a bottle of water, beer, coke and wine.
the rooms of fatih apartments come with a private kitchen or kitchenette.
towels and bed linen are featured at visit salerno.
an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchenette.
situated 3.1 km from solnechny rai in voronezh, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. guests benefit from balcony.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
you can book sessions in the seasonal outdoor pool directly on site.
the hotel is situated in the centre of alkmaar and is surrounded by many little shops, restaurants and cafes.
kraków główny train station and bus station are located 1.3 km from ada.
moss residence is located in istanbul’s lively taksim district, 400 meters from taksim metro station.
citylife apartments offers self-catering accommodations at different locations in skopje.
the property will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a cd player.there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
10 minutes from the m4 motorway, 4 km from cardiff city centre and the millennium stadium, this premier inn hotel offers free parking and a david lloyd leisure club.
the en suite bathroom has shower facility, hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property offers free parking.
the heated property boasts a fully equipped kitchen, a large balcony and a flat-screen tv.
at as-tu hostel there is a terrace.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower. extras include a safety deposit box, bed linen and a fan.
a 10-minute drive away, guests can find roussillon and gordes.
each of the rooms at le châtelain hotel also features air conditioning, a minibar plus a bathrobe and slippers.
two double bedrooms come with a bedroom with single bed and bunk bed.
both free wifi and free private parking are accessible at this guest house.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
ljubljana airport is 50 km away, and front desk offers pick-up service at an extra charge.
guests can benefit from free wifi, bicycle rental and a hot tub.
lilybrook rangiora motel's tour desk books local activities such as forest walking tracks, fishing charters and whale watching tours.
massage treatments can be booked, and guests can also make the most of the finnish sauna and gym facilities.
each unit is offers a private bathroom with free toiletries.
the holiday home features free wifi throughout the property.
you can reach the venice biennale art exhibition in 5 minutes on foot.
the stylish bathroom is inside the bedroom.
a dishwasher, oven and are included in the kitchen.
each room comes with a seating area, tv, and a bathroom with shower and free toiletries.
a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
surrounded by fantastic views and only 10-minute drive from osorno volcano ski centre, cabañas ensenada offers self-catering bungalow accommodations in ensenada.
set on the kupa riverbank, holiday home švertfajer is located in reštovo.
a 2-minute walk from krisna souvenir centre, kampung cenik offers modern comfort in its traditional wooden houses.
located in shahekou district, dalian golf business hotel is within a 5-minute walk of xinghai square.
towels and bed linen are included.
this eco-friendly bed and breakfast offers air-conditioned accommodation and a continental breakfast.
the gran dorado (theme park) in medebach is only 9 km away.
a free internet terminal can be found in the lobby.
laundry facilities are also available.
the restaurant offers regional dishes from veneto and classic italian specialities.
some apartments have a raised sleeping area.
free private parking is available on site.
each room at luka offers a tv with satellite channels and a dvd player.
all apartments have a living room and kitchen, while rooms have an en suite bathroom.
all rooms are equipped with air-conditioning, private balcony, and a satellite flat-screen tv.
each room offers both air-conditioning and heating facilities.
monmouth university is 20.2 km from atlantic motel.
some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
barbeque facilities are also available.
the rooms are elegantly decorated with modern wooden furniture.
rooms come with a flat-screen tv, seating area and refrigerator. shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
all rooms are located on the ground floor of this 1-level home located atop 150 acres of land.
scoglitti is a 10-minute drive away and the unesco world heritage site of ragusa is 25 km away.
in the living room there are cosy sofas and a dining area.
it features self-catering accommodation with garden views. free wifi is available throughout.
the santa apolónia transport hub is a 10-minute walk away and lisbon international airport is 6.6 km away.
amenities include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
xi ke hotel is a 10-minute walk from jinyuan times shopping plaza and a 15-minute drive from revolutionary memorial hall.
it features israel's largest outdoor paintball facility, atv rentals and tractor tours as well.
bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
the rooms feature air conditioning, a small fridge, and a 22 " lcd tv. the bathroom is en suite and is complete with hairdryer and free toiletries.
in the summer season there are various music events taking place on the hotel's terrace.
free wifi is available in the entire property and free parking is possible on site.
guests can relax in the heated outdoor pool that is open during summer, or play table tennis in the centennial gardens.
the 24-hour reception includes a tour desk.
vörösmarty tér metro station is a 5-minute walk away. this station offers easy access to budapest’s main tourist attractions.
an array of activities are offered in the area, such as snorkelling, windsurfing and diving.
free wifi access is available throughout.
a bus station is also within 300 metres.
the rooms offer free wired internet.
it features a restaurant and a spa area with an indoor pool.
getting to bali denpasar international airport will take around 20 minutes by car.
each room here will provide you with a tv, a balcony and a terrace. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
guests enjoy a games room complete with billiards, table tennis and a tv. other facilities offered include grocery deliveries, a laundry and a ski drying room.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hostel devon offers accommodation in oktyabr'skiy.
it has a garden, elegant rooms and a gourmet restaurant.
it operates a 24-hour front desk and provides complimentary wi-fi access.
the kitchen has all the appliances to prepare meals and there are barbecue facilities outdoors, in addition to a 6-seater dining table.
located in itapema centre and just 50 metres from the beach, solis praia hotel offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and a barbecue facility. a variety of restaurants and bars can be found 2 blocks away.
the bed & breakfast batosic makarska is 300 metres from makarska main bus station, 600 metres from the beach and 800 metres from the harbour promenade.
when not relaxing on the beach, guests can play in the florida sun on the tennis court at this destin sandpiper cove beachwalk by holiday isles property.
opening to a balcony, terrace and patio with pool, mountain and garden views, the three-bedroom green villa includes a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area.
all units have a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher and microwave. a toaster, a fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
each comes with an electric kettle, a fridge and kitchenware.
room types vary and are ideal for solo travellers, couples and families.
featuring a garden, a restaurant, and a swimming pool, hotel de france offers free wi-fi and 24-hour front desk assistance in rio ceballos.
situated only 450 metres from the mediterranean sea shores, this hotel features an outdoor pool with waterslides.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with towels.
a dishwasher is also available.
you will find a tour desk at the property.
only 100 metres from san cristobal hill, apart hotel visandell offers self-catering apartments with free wi-fi and private terraces in providencia. it features a swimming pool, and free parking is provided.
hospedaria venceslau includes an à la carte restaurant is serving traditional portuguese cuisine.
several cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
some rooms offer a spa bath.
all rooms at the hotel adler are comfortably furnished in a traditional, country style and feature a cable tv, radio, sofa and private bathroom.
kingman airport is less than 45 miles from hualapai lodge.
the restaurant serves italian and austrian cuisine.
the hotel features an indoor and an outdoor swimming pool with bars, a new renovated and air-conditioned a la carte restaurant offering typical istrian dishes and a lobby bar.
the hotel is 700 m from royan train station and grande conche beach.
there is a vending machine with drinks in the property.
just a 10-minute drive from dahab city centre, villa boghdady dahab offers diving and canoeing activities.
the centre of paphos town is a 30-minute drive away, while paphos international airport is at a distance of approximately 40 km.
individually decorated rooms at the casa de solana bed and breakfast boast hardwood floors and feature a private bathroom.
seabreeze bistro serves bistro-style cuisine, and specialises in burgers, seafood and salads.
located 200 metres from the beach of pernera, amadora villa 2 has a private pool and furnished, paved sun terrace.
ferienwohnung berta also offers satellite tv as well as a dining area and a balcony with a view of lüneburg's rooftops.
the living room includes a flat-screen tv and sofa.
tricesimo is a 5-minute drive from the property. udine is 13.5 km away.
it offers bright accommodation with a garden and free wifi access.
the rooms at chambre d'hôtes la première vigne are simply decorated and some feature exposed-stone walls.
featuring a balcony, tv and minibar, all rooms at harmonia are equipped with a private bathroom and shower.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for hiking.
the property features a garden, a sauna, barbecue facilities, a children's playground and a terrace.
this resort is 50 km from gdansk lech walesa airport.
the kitchenette includes 2 hotplates and an oven.
rössle raggal is located just 200 metres from raggal ski lift. the local ski bus is a 5 minute walk away and provides good connections to the larger ski area damüls-mellau.
a microwave, small refrigerator and coffee-making facilities are available in each of the rooms at goose creek days inn. guests can also enjoy cable tv in every room.
the apartments all feature a private entrance, seating area with a sofa and tv, private bathroom, equipped kitchen and a balcony.
shops and restaurants are available within 800 m distance from the property.
offering a free outdoor pool and a restaurant, the 4-star art hotel santorini is located in pyrgos.
madrid’s lively puerta del sol district is a 5-minute metro journey away.
the trendy guestrooms of shaoxing ssaw are tastefully decorated with a chinese touch.
it is a 20-minute drive from the archaeological site of akrotiri, and 8 km from santorini airport.
some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
split airport is 25 km away.
to make each stay comfortable, saint george comfort inn offers a gym, an outdoor pool and 2 hot tubs.
the property offers conference and function rooms.
situated between land and sea, on 12 hectares of land, this auberge is a former farm that has been transformed into a cosy residence with an outdoor swimming pool.
the private bathrooms include a shower, free toiletries and bathrobes.
in the garden, a seating area is available.
polish theatre in wrocław is a few steps from spocoloco24, while wrocław philharmony is 300 metres from the property.
naples harbour is about 2 km away.
other facilities at dom radugi include a barbecue.
nearby the property there is a restaurant (20m) and a shopping area (500m).
the en-suite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and towels, along with a bath and a handheld shower.
kuala lumpur international airport is a 45-minute drive away, while kl sentral station is a 20-minute drive away.
all rooms are all equipped with complimentary toiletries.
just a short walk from many of brighton’s attractions, located directly next to the british airways i360 tower, west beach hotel is also a 20-minute walk from the royal pavilion. brighton pier is less than a mile away, and brighton railway station is 15 minutes’ walk.
birth of christ cathedral is 1.2 km from apartments chişinău 2, while the triumphal arch chisinau is 1.4 km from the property.
featuring a landscaped garden with a private pool, el crever is situated 5 km from the town of pollensa. it offers a terrace with outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities.
there are plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants nearby.
with pleasant, rustic-style interiors, it features a tropical garden, a tv room with dvd and a full kitchen.
free private parking is available on site.
casa galos hotel & lofts has apartments with ipod docking stations, full kitchen facilities and flat-screen cable tv. they are styled with parquet floors and natural fabrics and an earth-toned palette.
cathedral of christ the saviour is 4.3 km from skyapartments, while pushkin museum of fine arts is 4.3 km away.
there is free private parking available at the hotel, and ludwigshafen (rhein) main station is 9 km away.
the hotel also offers rooms with access for guests with reduced mobility.
there is a shared kitchenette at the property located on the first floor..
with a patio, each rustic-style apartment comes with a kitchen and a flat-screen tv. a shower is included in the private bathroom.
each accommodation also provides cable tv in the living room and an en suite bathroom at lae nani kauai by outrigger.
shower facilities and free toiletries are included in each private bathroom.
the beach is just 4 metro stops away.
palace square and hermitage museum are within a 10-minute walk of tchaikovsky house. moskovsky train station is a 15-minute bus ride from the property.
this traditional, stone property features a garden and free wifi throughout.
rooms are cool and comfortable with tiled floors, and a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries.
rooms at the hampton inn carlisle are equipped with a 27-inch flat-screen tv with in-room movies and free wi-fi.
this air-conditioned house will provide you with 1 double bedroom, 2 twin bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a bath, shower and hairdryer.
guests may also rent a car to explore the area.
all rooms have garden views, a desk and tea/coffee making facilities plus free wifi.
takadaya restaurant serves buckwheat noodles and other japanese specialties for lunch and dinner.
tenerife south airport is 25 km away.
the property also offers special diet menus.
free private parking is available on site.
the famous museum triangle, including the prado museum, is within 15 minutes’ walk of the property.
guests also have access to a shared kitchen, which is fully equipped, and a common room with a tv.
all of the spacious bedrooms have a tv, tea and coffee making facilities and a private bathroom.
there is also poolside bar operating 24 hours a day.
sanatorium parus features free wifi .
the nearest airport is alicante airport, 26 km from the property.
many cafés and restaurants are located a 10-minute drive from the accommodation and guests can get refreshments at the property's bar.
a tv is available.
alternatively, barbequed meals, packed lunches and room service options are also possible.
the fresh and bright rooms are to a large extent equipped with a shower and toilet.
all apartments are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv and an electric kettle.
rooms enjoy plenty of natural light and some boast views over the adjacent plaza which has pretty gardens in the centre.
breakfast, gardens and a 24-hour reception are available.
rio de janeiro's galeão international airport is 170 km away.
the impressive cathedral and alcázar fortress are both within 10 minutes' walk of the hotel, and the guadalquivir river is 400 metres away.
excursion assistance can be provided by the tour desk.
each one comes with a work desk.
a flat-screen tv is available.
the rooms offer air conditioning, heating, flat-screen cable tv and telephone.
fishing and tennis is possible nearby.
the nearest airport is mohammed v international airport, 21 km from the property.
explore the city, with many of the attractions just a short stroll away, including the rome opera house.
cancún is 38 km from the property.
hotel kvesheti has a bar and garden.
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
it offers self-catering accommodation with views of mount vesuvius and free wifi access.
hair dryers and ironing facilities are available upon request.
set in a 2-hectare garden at the heart of the palm grove in marrakech, this design property features mexican architecture in its rooms and 2-bedroom villa.
savoury options are also available upon request.
guests can also relax in the lobby bar or on the roof terrace.
the zambala can arrange a shopping service on request.
featuring free wifi, a restaurant and an outdoor pool, windmill hostel offers accommodation in valle de anton, 28 km from playa blanca. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. free private parking is available on site.
fitted with a terrace, rooms feature air conditioning and satellite tv. the private bathroom offers shower facilities.
each one comes with a sink, and the shower and toilet are shared.
bike hire is available at the property.
other services available include free bicycles and 24-hour front desk assistance.
fresh bread and pastries are prepared for breakfast and there is a picnic area with a bbq.
rooms all feature a balcony, cooling fan and a tv. each also includes a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
it offers modern self-catering accommodation, an outdoor pool, and a restaurant.
the private bathrooms have a bathtub with a shower attachment.
guests at pampa plaza hotel can make use of the well-equipped gym and finish sauna.
with free airport shuttle service, free high-speed internet and a 24-hour fitness centre, every stay at the south cleveland doubletree is sure to be enjoyable.
shuttle service is provided upon request.
located in šibenik, kala apartments is 4 km from saint nicholas fortress.
the accommodation offers air conditioning, a balcony and a sofa. there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the hotel is 6.3 km from tarabita. pelileo is 20 minutes’ drive from hostal grand rio.
jackson lake is 111 km from longhorn ranch lodge & rv resort.
the property offers free parking.
the air-conditioned rooms have a cable tv and minibar.
nestled in the small castle town of tsuwano, with huge tree-covered hills, this bed and breakfast hostel has free parking on site. it offers simple japanese-style rooms, and a dining room for breakfast and authentic evening meals.
it offers 4-star rooms and suites.
the nearest airport is hasanuddin airport, 19 km from the property.
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
dąbrowa tarnowska train station is 12.5 km away and there are a number of historical sites and tourists attractions in the nearby towns.
the apartment features stylish wooden floors and is decorated in light, warm colours.
staff provide useful tourist and can organise trips around sardinia.
luxembourg city is 30 km from gîte schmalen.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
gasthof traube serves traditional dishes at the on-site restaurant, and a buffet-breakfast is available daily.
set in the catalan pyrenees, an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and horse riding.
it offers free bike rental in summer and a year-round wellness centre.
the property is surrounded by hiking trails and is 1.5 km from playa las arenas beach. teno nature reserve is within a short drive.
gran canal apartment offers accommodation in mestre, just 9 km from venice.
the nearest beach is 150 metres away.
other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities, a shared lounge and a tour desk.
located on the beachfront at the seaside promenade in sveti vlas, 5 km from sunny beach and nessebar, hotel palace marina dinevi offers elegantly furnished and comfortable rooms with sea views from the balcony, personalized guest service and free internet access.
the air-conditioned rooms have tatami (woven-straw) floors and futon beds.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
free private parking is available on site.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
at the on-site restaurant, you can taste traditional greek dishes, as well as european cuisine.
a few steps away it has a hot tub with panoramic sea views, sun loungers and parasols.
each room has a tv.
featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
free private parking is possible onsite.
breakfast can be arranged.
room service is available.
private parking is available on site.
free entrance to loekken sports center and a water park are included and free parking space is available on site.
laundry facilities are also available for use.
the air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and work desk.
latina is 26 km from the property.
the classic-style rooms come with parquet floors and wooden furnishings.
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a bath or shower. there is a tv and tea and coffee facilities in each room.
certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
this eco-friendly hotel is next to öskjuhlíd hill’s quiet woods and 1 km from nauthólsvík geothermal beach.
bellingham’s historic fairhaven district is 12 miles away.
an italian sweet breakfast is provided at a café, 50 metres away.
the reserve golf course is 5.3 miles away.
each room is equipped with a fridge, an electric kettle and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
offering a restaurant, i̇ğneada resort palivor çiftliği is located in avcılar.
towels and bed linen are provided.
the modern rooms enjoy tasteful décor.
the uss alabama battleship park is 10 miles away.
all rooms at the hostel are air-conditioned and are fitted with bunk beds.
the ferienhaus fuchslechner is an ideal starting point for hiking tours, and a cycling track and cross-country skiing trails are accessible directly from the property.
the full all-you-can-eat breakfast includes cooked items, vegetarian options and a wide continental selection.
cape town international airport is located 68 km away.
the kitchenette includes a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
the spacious and elegant rooms at the intercontinental geneva have free wifi, free tea and coffee making facilitie and are air-conditioned.
buffet breakfast is also available, and there is a bar and a large terrace too.
all of the well-lit guest rooms at grand keskinkaya hotel have carpeted floors and air conditioning.
there is a dining area and essential kitchenware.
bed linen is available.
guests at suites dioh will be able to find a variety of restaurants within 1 km from the property and the food offered include seafood, steak-style, sushi, italian-style and typical mexican cuisine.
the hotel has a gift shop and a tour desk.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom. extras include slippers and free toiletries.
all executive villas by american sunshine are within 15 minutes' of the walt disney world resort.
marrakech menara airport is ideally located 30 km away.
other facilities at villa theo bali include an outdoor pool.
each bedroom has mosquito nets and a private bathroom with free toiletries.
you can enjoy city view.
situated 500 metres from kalighat temple, hotel aston international features a business centre, a restaurant and massage services.
surrounded by rolling countryside, there are a number of hiking routes and cycling trails for guests to explore.
hacienda sant jordi is situated in a quiet urban area, 7.5 km from the town of sant jordi.
the air-conditioned rooms and apartments come with a tv and private bathroom.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub or shower and a hairdryer.
set in the calm and silent area, falusi legenda is located in szokolya.
located in the tuscan countryside, villetta capanna is 15 km from monteriggioni.
it also features a communal terrace with views over the gardens.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
the hotel is located on the banks of the river guadiaro, 2 km from the village of benaojan and enjoys superb views of the surrounding sierras.
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
cable tv, a private bathroom with shower and heating are standard for all units at the family-run markony hotel. each also features a seating area with sofa.
hallstatt and the salt mines are only 6 km away, and the spa town of bad ischl is only 25 km away.
saarbrücken and the french border can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
at a surcharge, guests have access a hot tub and a sauna.
featuring a tropical swimming pool and free buffet breakfast each morning, the award-winning jj's backpackers hostel offers a free pick-up service from cairns railway station and bus terminal.
guests should bring camping equipment, and there is a shower and toilet block on-site.
shuttle and concierge services are available.
pula is 9 km from apartments sandra 439. pula airport is 8 km from the property.
the bar serves drinks and snacks.
there is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
they also have a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer.
the resort’s modern and tasteful rooms come with a tv, wi-fi, hairdryer and minibar. air conditioning and safes are installed in all rooms and can be rented on arrival.
the primavera has an outdoor swimming pool and guests can enjoy a round of golf at the golf du cap-d’adge, located just 1 km from the hotel.
a large buffet breakfast is available each morning.
the apartment also has a washing machine and iron.
a french-inspired breakfast is served each morning.
the property offers free parking.
free wi-fi access is available throughout the apartment.
białystok railway station is 7 km from the guesthouse.
ekosamotnia is 6 km from the kraków old town and 6.5 km from the historic jewish quarter of kazimierz.
a tv, desk and private bathroom are included in every room.
during their stay, guests can enjoy a daily buffet breakfast and have drinks at the piano bar.
victory tunnel is 2.2 km from hotel hari palace, while indian institute of advanced study is 500 metres from the property.
landhotel prienbacher stub'n has spacious rooms with flat-screen tv, telephone, and private bathroom.
free wi-fi access is possible in communal areas and in some rooms.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 15 km from apartment on nevskiy prospekt 68/3.
this guest house has rooms with private bathrooms, some with balconies.
select rooms have a bathtub in the bathroom and a living room.
acapulco park has its own bar, set in the gardens.
kiev central railway station is 6 km. zhuliany international airport is 13 km from discoverkiev apartments at independence square.
bed linen is featured.
the guest rooms have a private terrace and features an en suite bathroom with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
villas with private pools are also available.
suvarnabhumi international airport is a 25-minute drive away.
guests can request boats for fishing at nearby bays.
the nearest airport is reus airport, 8 km from the property.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing.
one of argentina’s main attractions, perito moreno glacier, is a 2-hour drive away.
the parterre is separated into a breakfast room and a sitting room, where you can relax in comfortable chairs, play a board game or even play the piano.
manfredonia beaches can be reached by car in about 25 minutes.
the inn is located a 20-minute drive from langkawi international airport and a 30-minute drive from dataran lang and kuah town.
the nearest airport is schiphol airport, 8 km from liloes apartment.
jps residency is located just 3 km from the magnificent akshardham temple and 4 km from the historical raj ghat.
extras include a washing machine, a desk and bed linen.
other services offered (at an additional cost) include beach service, boat rentals, and diving lessons.
it is 5 minutes from notre dame cathedral and the chic saint-germain-des-prés district.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
each with a balcony, rooms at the yellow line have simple décor and tiled floors.
the owner, marianne, is a massage therapist and offers various relaxing massages by appointment.
guests can also enjoy picturesque views over the countryside.
all rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv.
shared bathrooms are fitted with a bath.
the catedral de cuernavaca is 46 minutes’ drive away.
shower facilities and free toiletries are stocked in the attached bathrooms.
free parking is available.
its rooms have private bathrooms and satellite tv.
this cosy guesthouse offers beds in dormitory rooms, free wifi access and on-site parking.
this wooden chalet features a garden and free wifi access.
the on-site restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast.
free parking is available on site.
it offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and free wi-fi.
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
all rooms and apartments offer views of the mountains and have a private bathroom.
the tour desk is operated by experienced locals who can arrange trips to the great barrier reef and the daintree world heritage rainforest.
meals can be served indoors or outdoors on the terrace.
guests can use a shared kitchen on the ground floor that has a swiss coffee machine.
light snacks and beverages are served in the lounge bar, and 24-hour room service is also available.
the špindlerův mlýn ski area can be reached within 6 km.
l' arco offers accommodation in volastra, a small village in the cinque terre national park, 9 km from vernazza and a 17-minute drive from corniglia.
the room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
free wifi access is available.
guests can relax on the terrace offering great views of the mountains, as well as book a massage at an additional fee.
a rich breakfast buffet with fresh fruit and healthy products is available in the morning.
located 400 metres from the sea, in the area of agios emilianos, porto heli villas & studios offers spacious and fully equipped villas with furnished verandas overlooking the sea and spetses island.
bibione thermal baths are approximately 1 km from the white star, while the gold-sanded beaches of lignano sabbiadoro area less than a 20-minute drive away.
situated in the picturesque naoussa, arkoulis hotel offers free wi-fi and a daily continental breakfast. it also has a swimming pool with poolside bar.
the rooms have a private or shared bathroom with free toiletries.
pension andra's house offers guests free use of the in-house fitness area and sauna. horezu city centre and the local public swimming pool are 500 metres away, and a restaurant and supermarkets are to be found within 300 metres of the property.
each air-conditioned apartment will provide you with an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
they feature crisp linen, thick duvets and tvs with freeview.
the open-air museum in rožnov pod radhoštěm is 16 km from the property.
windsurfing and snorkeling opportunities can be found in the vicinity.
this studio apartment consists of a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom.
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet with croissants, natural juices and fresh fruits.
magnolija villa comprises a spacious garden.
just 2 km from aluthgama town, this non-smoking resort features free yoga class, an outdoor pool and restaurant.
guests at o'tai can arrange excursion around the island for an extra fee.
lanjarón is 40 km from the property.
mercure gdańsk posejdon is located in jelitkowo, a recreational district of gdańsk, surrounded by lush greenery, and just about a 3-minute walk from a sandy beach, jelitkowski park and the seaside promenade connecting tricity.
with a dining table, the new row apartment's fully fitted kitchen has a dishwasher, a cooker, and a fridge/freezer.
it has a washing machine, ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms.
the house has 6 double and 4 twin rooms, some of them with an en suite bathroom and a private kitchenette.
the shuttle bus to zagreb airport departs from the main bus station every 30 minutes.
maiskogel cable car is 1 km away.
l'appart cours clémenceau boasts views of the city and is 400 metres from esplanade des quinconces.
offering an outdoor pool, summer place by florida dream homes is located in kissimmee, florida. free wifi access is available in this holiday home.
a 30-minute walk will take you to a solitary beach down the caldera.
bumi langgeng guesthouse offers a spacious 4-bedroom house in which one of them comes with an en suite bathroom, whilst there are 2 other additional private bathrooms, each features hot and cold shower facility.
rooms at the cosco are air conditioned and equipped with a minibar, a hairdryer and ironing facilities.
the bar serves a range of exotic cocktails.
villas at resort kuta lagoon are air-conditioned and fitted with tv, minibar and four-poster bed.
located in duoyishu scenic area, wu miao yun ju bed&breakfast features accommodation with views of hani rice terraces.
relax in the sunshine on a sun lounger before diving into the large outdoor swimming pool. you can also enjoy a cool drink beside the pool from the outdoor bar.
a varied breakfast buffet is available each morning at the berghof.
prumirim beach is 300 metres away.
full english breakfasts are served on a 17th-century table in the dining room, which features an original fireplace and antique furniture.
eßleben's railway station is just 800 metres away from the landgasthof zum goldenen stern, providing easy access to würzburg and schweinfurt.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
set among the surrounding forest, 7 minutes from sundre, alberta, deer valley bed & breakfast offers a breakfast each morning.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
free wifi access and a flat-screen tv are provided in the air-conditioned rooms and suites at cezanne hotel spa.
the hotel restaurant serves buffet meals, with local and international dishes.
piazza navona and the pantheon are 20 minutes away by metro.
traditional english breakfast is served, with free range eggs, bacon, sausages, black pudding, mushrooms, tomato and baked beans.
air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a satellite tv.
overlooking the hills, in sassoferrato, cristina b&b features accommodation with a modern décor.
the hintertuxer glacier can be reached by car in 40 minutes.
the centre of bagnone is a 10-minute drive away.
visit the gold country for a great trip to grass valley.
the property offers free parking.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv.
gelendzhik airport is 37 km away.
free wifi access is available.
turin loft offers air-conditioned accommodation in turin, a 5-minute walk from porta nuova train station and 700 metres from egyptian museum.
well served by public transports, you can reach the main tourist attractions such as sagrada familia, parc güell park and barceloneta beaches in less than 10 minutes by metro.
offering a children's playground and views of the sea, highland apartments candolim is located in candolim.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony overlooking the sea.
located in a residential area of buenos aires apartamento belgrano r is a self-catering apartment with free wifi access. the property is just a 10-minute drive from the commercial area, filled with shops and restaurants
the ciscar hotel has a café-bar and a restaurant.
a bus stop with links to vico del gargano and san menaio is 10 metres from the property.
some rooms include a fully equipped kitchenette with dining area, ideal for preparing meals.
featuring free wi-fi throughout, agriturismo le fornelle offers self-catering apartments in typical farmers’ houses called liàme.
rooms boast beautiful views and either a furnished balcony or patio. each one includes an lcd tv, free wi-fi and bathroom with hairdryer.
other facilities at ses muralles boutique house include a barbecue.
krakow - balice airport is located 58 km away.
located in a pedestrian area in taormina, 1.4 km from isola bella, porta di mezzo luxury b&b features air-conditioned rooms with sicilian-style décor and free wifi throughout the property.
a breakfast is available each morning at the hotel.
extras include bed linens.
apartments and rooms come with a wardrobe and a seating area with a sofa. the private bathrooms include towels.
guests staying at this property are welcome to make use of the communal facilities, including the sun terrace, the shared kitchen and the shared lounge.
each bright apartment has a living-dining area with a sofa bed, and a kitchenette with a microwave and fridge.
the appellhofplatz underground station is a 1-minute walk away from the arde cologne. it connects you to the main train station in just 2 minutes.
there is also a bar.
featuring air conditioning, wyndel apartments - shelley is located in sydney, 600 metres from darling harbour sydney. circular quay is 1.1 km away.
a 5-minute walk to lourdes groto, the resort has an outdoor pool.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and toaster.
ufa international airport is 28 km away.
each room is equipped with a seating area and some come with a sofa bed.
it is 100 metres from furio camillo metro station on line a, and a 5-minute walk from roma tuscolana train station, with links to fiumicino airport.
angoulême train station is a 35-minute drive from the b&b.
breakfast is served each morning, and the on-site restaurant serves traditional austrian dishes.
comfortable rooms with free wi-fi are offered at el ucumar hostel in salta.
an indoor swimming pool and a sauna complex are also featured at lime hotel.
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the karino restaurant, specialising in traditional polish and european dishes.
gazipasa airport is 30 km away.
it offers air-conditioned apartments with a terrace and free wi-fi access.
the inn offers a sea-facing tavern.
decorated in minimalist colours, rooms at the casa e il mare hotel are elegant and modern.
this open and spacious upper storey apartment offers high ceilings and includes a seating area, a sofa and a washer and tumble dryer.
there is also a garden at the property.
it features spacious room with a flat-screen cable tv and serves a daily buffet breakfast.
you can sit and relax at the hotel’s large courtyard in the shade of umbrellas.
mar del plata bus station is 3 km from hotel edelweiss.
the hotel is located just 100 metres from karol bagh market and 6 km from india gate, while red fort and jantar mantar are 5.5 km away.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
featuring a large garden with an outdoor swimming pool, footprints of knysna offers accommodation with views of the knysna lagoon. it is located just over 10 minutes’ drive to knysna heads.
a range of restaurants can also be found in the surrounding streets.
ambergris caye is just a 5-minute boat ride from the mesoamerican barrier reef, one of the world’s top diving and snorkelling spots.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a fridge.
public parking is possible in the vicinity of stayinstyle apartments, at an extra fee.
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
rooms at napvirág-ház have central heating, a tv set and a small fridge.
free wi-fi access is available in the entire property, while bicycles can be rented at no charge.
featuring a shaded terrace with outdoor furniture, la maisonnette offers self-catering accommodation, conveniently located a 15-minute walk from rome's termini train station.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven and refrigerator.
the 3-star saba hotel is just a 20-minute tube journey from earl’s court.
wired internet is available with an extra cost.
apartmány u šakala offers a self-catered accommodation in 2 apartments situated in the quiet part of zdíkov village.
the rooms have shared bathrooms.
equipped with air conditioning, all rooms at hotel aladdin contain a cable tv, a minibar and a private bathroom. they are tastefully decorated and provide a wardrobe and a safe.
each well-appointed room has a minibar, a capsule coffee machine, ironing facilities and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the modern rooms and apartments are equipped with bright wooden furniture.
situated just a 20-30 minute journey from karlsruhe, mannheim, heidelberg and speyer, this newly renovated hotel awaits you with modern bedrooms and a fine restaurant.
the property also offers grocery delivery and free parking on site.
offering a garden, gîte de la charmelais is located in saint-brice-de-landelles and 21 km from the a84 motorway. this half-timbered house offers free wi-fi access, a fully equipped kitchen and 2 bedrooms.
after enjoying the continental breakfast, you may choose to visit le tréport, which is 26 km away.
queensland raceway is a 10-minute drive away.
featuring free wifi, wysoka 5 offers pet-friendly accommodation in szklarska poręba, 700 metres from szklarska poreba bus station.
you can also check out cham museum, situated 2.3 km away and my an beach, 3.4 km away.
a flat-screen tv is available.
all the classic-style rooms have a minibar and a safety deposit box.
the antholzertal card includes free public transport in the val pusteria valley, free access to cross-country slopes and discounted ski rental.
traditional hand-painted furniture and classic-style artwork feature in the bright and spacious rooms at gästehaus am kurparkweg. many rooms come with a furnished balcony and all are equipped with a cable tv.
assistance with canoe or raft rental can be provided as well.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
luggage can be stored at the front desk.
apartament 1 decembrie features a well-equipped kitchen with a dining area, a microwave and a coffee machine.
the sun terrace features barbecue facilities.
all units feature a flat-screen tv. a microwave and fridge are also provided, as well as a kettle.
this courtyard hotel is located off i-15, 20 miles from salt lake city international airport.
matane ferry is 65 km away.
a grocery stire and a bakery can be found 100 metres from the hostel belafuza.
porta maggiore is 2.3 km from tuscolana339, while domus aurea is 3.1 km away.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out philharmonic (1.3 km) and poznań central rail station (1.6 km).poznan lawica airport is located 5 km away.
ilfracombe is around 13 miles from barnstaple, and just over 6 miles from woolacombe bay.
you can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for diving. the area is popular for canoeing and hiking.
econo lodge savannah south features free coffee, 24-hour lemonade, and nightly popcorn with cookies.
an italian-style breakfast is available daily and can be enjoyed in the breakfast room with sofa or in the garden when the weather is fine.
ibis glasgow city centre – sauchiehall st is a 10-minute walk from glasgow central railway station.
the friendly staff at casa pilar beach resort can assist with laundry and massage services upon request.
it is 350 metres to the jod-sole therme, offering a spa, swimming pool and thermal baths.
jokulsarlon glacier lagoon is a 1.5-hour drive from the guest house.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
access to a sauna and solarium are available to guests.
the private bathroom has a shower.
the airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
guests can find a free internet point and free beach towels during their stay.
the varkala bus station and the varkala railway station are within 4 km and the thiruvananthapuram international airport is 55 km away.
the inn also provides car hire and bike rental.
you can relax in the garden after sightseeing.
at phanes b&b - b building you will find a garden.
the apartments feature a living room with a sofa bed, a flat-screen tv, a fully-equipped kitchen, a dining table, a washing machine, and a bathroom fitted with a shower.
offering a variety of rooms, canberry stylishly decorated each air-conditioned room.
pine forest trails are within a 5-minute walk from kristinos apartamentai - birutės al.
shuttle service is offered at an extra charge and upon request.
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is available in the morning.
fitzherbert court motel is situated on state highway 6 at the north end of hokitika.
either shared or private bathroom facilities are included.
there is also an on-site beauty salon, and a billiard club is located in the same building.
guesthouse kondic is located 97 km from belgrade nikola tesla airport.
all rooms include a 40 inch flat-screen cable tv and a work desk.
troyan is set 24 km away from the property.
fully furnished, these apartments feature a dining area and a separate seating area with a cable television. some mimì sul mare apartments have a balcony.
the hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and bbq facilities.
offering studios and apartments, all have a private balcony, and share hotel daina’s facilities next door, such as the outdoor pool on the beach.
britt scripps inn features a flat-screen tv in every unique guest room.
guests staying at the quietly located adler hotel & restaurant can make free telephone calls to german landline numbers.
all air conditioned, apartments here come with satellite flat-screen tv, a kitchen, and a living/dining area.
villa la mer is located in warnemünde and offers self-catered apartments.
coromandel township is 40 minutes' drive away.
with a clean and minimalist décor, this unit will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and an ipod dock.
sabine villa offers free parking.
a range of shops, restaurants, and bars are available within 2 minutes’ walk of apartamento en campello.
the state capitol complex and the university of charleston are a short drive from the holiday inn express in charleston. the mardi gras casino and resort is 15 minutes’ drive away.
guests can find a shopping mall 1.5 km from the apartman blanca and the central market hall lies 2.5 km away. the gellért baths and spa can be visited 3.5 km from the apartment, while the st. stephen's basilica, the citadella and the state opera house all lie 4 km off. the hungarian national museum can be seen 2.5 km away and the national theatre can be visied 2 km off. the chain bridge looms over the danube river 4 km off.
private parking is possible on site for free.
they also have a kitchen equipped with a washing machine, hob, and microwave.
offering a restaurant, haus der begegnung is located in gosau, in the dachstein – west ski area, and it is run by a christian organisation.
free kayaks and bikes are available.
the tents are customised with earth walls and typical décor.
indian and international cuisines are served at 24/7 restaurant, baluchi restaurant and trendz restaurant.
a flat-screen tv is available.
livinginopera apartamentos escalinata is located in central madrid, just 300 metres from plaza mayor and the royal palace. it offers air-conditioned apartments with free wi-fi.
a continental breakfast and a cooked english breakfast is served each morning at b&b bydand.
the house is composed of 3 bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and 2 bathrooms.
to help you organise your stay, meran hotel offers an on-site atm machine and free wi-fi throughout the building.
the thermal baths in chianciano terme are 30 km away.
each bungalow is equipped with a full kitchen with a microwave and oven.
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking, cycling and skiing, and ski equipment can be hired from the accommodation.
surrounded by meadows and forests, this traditional hotel offers year-round accommodation in the climatic health resort of titisee-neustadt, in the southern black forest, lake titisee and the town of feldberg-bärental.
a fresh breakfast is served daily at the restaurant, with its stone walls and open design.
the alpine-style rooms feature a seating area, satellite tv, and a bathroom with a shower.
a varied breakfast is served in the garden during the summer, and breakfast room service is also available.
royal łazienki park is 1.9 km from rakowiecka apartment by sleepingcar, while ujazdowski park is 2.1 km away.
relax in tranquil surroundings, admiring the glorious views of the towy valley, which can be enjoyed from all 23 modern, well-appointed, en suite bedrooms.
it offers well-appointed guest rooms with cable tv, free wi-fi access throughout the hotel and free parking.
with a modern-style décor, all rooms feature air conditioning, a fridge and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
a short walk from the saturday walking street, ratchiangsaen flora house offers accommodation in a colonial lanna-style building.
all rooms also have a private bathroom with a bath, a shower and a selection of toiletries.
the nearest bars and restaurants can be found on the beach, while the vibrant town centre is 700 metres from the branko & anna.
the restaurant-lined recoleta street is found 500 metres away and the bus stop to valle sagrado de los incas is 300 metres away.
this property features both free wifi and free private parking.
the property is in a quiet are of the small village of trepalle, about 7 km from the centre of livigno. it is reachable by bus.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
some units feature a private bathroom with a spa bath, while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer.
the terrace and some rooms also overlook mount terminillo.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a kitchenette with a microwave.
a variety of dining options are available on site including the olivette, which serves regional american cuisine.
kale's homestay is just 50 metres from sultan alaadin mosque and 350 metres from hadrian’s gate.
chapel apartments dunedin is located less than 5 minutes’ walk from the city’s entertainment district, the octagon.
staff at the 24-hour reception can assist with laundry, ironing and ticketing services.
featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
time out mini hotel is 9 metro stops from kievskiy train station and 41 km from sheremetyevo international airport.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
there is a shared lounge at the property.
other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
the resort has a huge variety of leisure and sports activities such as swimming pools, tennis courts, volleyball, basketball, health club, gym and horse riding, some of which are at an added fee.
at yamal hotel you will find a snack bar and breakfast is served daily.
the lal bahadur shastri international airport is 18 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and free toiletries.
parking is available and free of charge.
for extra comfort, the en suite bathroom is stocked with a hairdryer, robes, slippers and free toiletries.
you can enjoy a mountain view and a pool view from all the rooms.
the studio apartments come with a sea-view balcony and cable tv.
the palacio features a communal patio and a terrace with river views.
relaxing massage is available for a fee.
it features an outdoor pool and all-suite accommodation with a full kitchenette and dining area.
strategically located in district 1, phung hoang hotel offers modern and comfortable accommodation just 500 metres from ben thanh market.
the cosy atmosphere makes the rooms a quiet place to sleep or relax in.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing, cycling and fishing.
the property offers free parking.
massage and other treatments can be arranged.
some rooms also offer a balcony and air conditioning.
you can enjoy city views and garden views.
each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony.
the rooms of degirmenli konak hotel include a flat-screen tv, air conditioning and a minibar.
double rooms are equipped with a fan and a balcony.
the pitti palace is 400 metres from the property.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and billiards.
for added value, the quality inn provides each paying guest with a five-dollar meal voucher for the on-site restaurants.
breadfruit apartments port vila is 10 minutes’ walk from port villa seafront and shopping precinct.
buffet breakfast is served every morning.
at point vernon holiday park you will find a communal dining area with bbq facilities and a shared kitchen. other facilities offered at the property include a guest lounge, a games room and a tour desk.
there is a cosy lounge featuring an honesty bar in which to relax at the end of the day.
books and board games are available in the elegant rossi lounge, featuring dimmed lighting, candles and an antique fireplace. there is also a spa-centre, specialising in anti-aging treatments and a fitness room.
various luxury stores, shops, restaurants and cafes can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
the hotel is 600 metres from santa catalina arch.
constructed around a splendid shaded patio it has 2 terraces which offer a stunning panoramic view of the medina.
a flat-screen cable tv is provided in every room at americinn minocqua, along with a coffeemaker.
the property is situated 1 km from the train station and 58 km from basel-mulhouse airport.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily, including homemade pastries, cold cuts, and cheeses.
the property is a 15-minute walk from the historical centre.
the guest house also offers car hire.
evergreen bungalows offers beachfront accommodation in bwejuu.
the kitchen has an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine.
santa monica also offers entertainment, including flamenco, live music and a moving disco.
there is a seating area, flat-screen cable tv, heating and a fan.
cancun international airport can be reached in a 60-minute drive.
a shuttle to faro airport, just 30 minutes’ drive, is available on request.
main square and the popular skadarlija quarter packed with restaurants, bars and clubs are 15 minutes' walk away.
it houses a restaurant that serves indian, chinese and continental delights.
haus berenice offers free wifi and free parking.
all guest rooms feature a microwave and small refrigerator.
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
hotel bristol-central offers a shuttle service to rostov-on-don airport for an extra fee.
other facilities include a games room, a tennis court and a children’s playground.
additional facilities are included such as meeting facilities.
free wifi is available throughout.
the rooms offer air conditioning, flat-screen tv, fridge, electric kettle and a balcony with a sea view.
located in the picturesque are of vyshka, 100 metres from the ski slope, teremok guest house offers a sauna, garden and an outdoor pool.
at holiday home fyrvejen nexø i you will find bbq facilities, outdoor furniture and a terrace.
the pittsburgh international airport is 20 minutes away.
the brünig pass is a 10-minute drive from chez martial and interlaken can be reached within a 25-minute drive.
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport, 10 km from hotel foz.
central gilleleje is 2 km away.
perpignan airport is 40 km from the hotel.
guests can barbecue in the garden where tables and chairs are provided, as well as a wooden gazebos.
santa maria di leuca is a 10-minute drive away.
within a 10-minute walk of the hotel there are several bars, cafés and restaurants specialising in german and international cuisine.
luggage storage is provided.
free wi-fi access is available in this holiday park.
the property offers free parking.
vent de garbí has a sun terrace, with panoramic views of the bay.
popular summertime activities include golfing, hiking, and mountain biking. it is possible to rent bikes, kayaks, and other sporting equipment directly at the property.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room. it includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
the decor style varies in each of these privately-owned apartments.
traditional local cuisine and other greek flavours can also be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant for lunch or dinner.
suvarnabhumi airport is located 88 km from the property.
museum of genocide victims is 2.1 km from small and cozy studio, while lithuanian exhibition and convention centre litexpo is 5 km away.
the accommodation will provide guests with a tv, a balcony and a seating area. there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a private bathroom.
the beaches of fontane bianche and arenella are both 5 minutes away by car.
marzamemi beach is 3.5 km from the property.
offering an outdoor pool and views of the pool, umah di seminyak is situated in seminyak, 100 metres from petitenget temple. free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
the spanish steps are 900 metres from the guest house.
lifted off the ground, the wooden bungalows are located in the forest, surrounded by tall trees.
other dining venues include kadaka terrace coffee & cakes and the poolside mayang sari.
the rooms at the drei könige dom hotel feature satellite tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower products.
korfos beach is a detached holiday home is located in korfos and is 35 km from nafplio. the property is 27 km from loutráki and free private parking is featured.
this house can accommodate up to six guests, and offers free internet access.
all rooms include air conditioning and flat-screen satellite tv.
free private parking is available on site.
featuring a balcony, all units feature a seating area with a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
rynok square is 100 metres from dream hostel lviv, while the armenian cathedral is 100 metres away.
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
just a 2-minute walk from the sandy baltic sea coast, villa seebach offers accommodation within a historic, listed building.
it offers cosy rooms with free wi-fi.
the apartment at the alpenblick also comes with a terrace, providing beautiful views of the schladming ski area, a well-equipped kitchen and a living area with a sofa and a tv.
all apartments comprise a tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a dining area.
the shared bathroom comes with a bath tub, shower, and hairdryer.
you can enjoy mountain views from all rooms.
other facilities at apartamento costa marina iii maria include a spa centre, hot spring bath and outdoor pool.
frankfurt's rhein main airport is only 5 kilometres away.
breakfast is served in guests' rooms daily.
set in a historic building with a grand façade and private yard, the hotel offers simply decorated rooms.
moroccan specialities can also be served in the dining room if you reserve in advance.
podgorica is 42 km from the property.
nestled within tropical gardens, bungalows have spacious interiors featuring a traditional thai décor.
the attached bathroom comes with shower facilities.
located off i-95, the kittery ramada is 11.4 miles from york beach.
an oven, microwave and dishwasher are provided in the kitchen. there is also a terrace and a garden with children's playground.
located just 400 metres from the popular bačvice beach and 700 metres from the centre of split and its unesco-protected diocletian's palace, apartment aurelia is air-conditioned and offers a furnished balcony.
breakfast at the family-run gschwendt is a buffet featuring a range of local produce.
this motel features free wifi and a flat-screen tv with cable in every room.
jfk airport is 24 km away.
the property is located a 30-minute drive from ragusa.
rich offers home-cooked meals, and guests can cook in a shared kitchen equipped with a stovetop, kettle and kitchenware.
the accommodation comes with a seating area. some units include a terrace and/or balcony with mountain or garden views.
this holiday home is 33 km from tegel airport.
you can choose to explore the local or international cuisine of the magellan à la carte restaurant, or make sure your needs are catered to with the on-demand, special diet menus.
at hostel ami, guests can avail of a ticket service and a tour desk.
the middletown days inn is 5-miles from the orange county fairgrounds and racetrack.
restaurants are located 2 km from the modern-style villa.
all accommodations offer views of luanda.
you will find a kettle in the room. every room is fitted with a shared bathroom.
the hotel has 2 terraces and meals can be enjoyed on one of them in good weather.
centrally located in rome, casa monti is a 5-minute walk from cavour metro station.
the accommodation is less than 7 km from kuala lumpur golf and country club.
tucson international airport is 5 miles away.
all studios and apartments are also equipped with a microwave oven, a tv with satellite channels and come with a private bathroom.
some rooms include a private balcony.
it provides free wi-fi, a fully equipped shared kitchen and rooms with a flat-screen tv.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property.
there is a gym and sauna, and massage is available.
apartments stoll are centrally located with great transport connections, and are just 100 metres from the hundertwasser house in bad soden, set in the taunus hills.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
there is also a bar where you can get a snack or a drink.
the famous arbat street is a 5-minute walk away. the kremlin and the red square are a 15-minute walk from the hotel.
this hotel, located in the centre of pennsylvania amish country, features free wi-fi and a gazebo.
the property offers free parking.
located in the picturesque fishing village of mandre, dvorski offers self-contained accommodation with sea views.
a japanese/western breakfast buffet is served.
inside, there is a fitness centre.
the cottage is surrounded by woodland and is only 1 mile from the beach.
guests park for free.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, a terrace and a seating area.there is a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and microwave.the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
ski storage facilities are available.
the nearest airport is orlando international airport, 18 km from the property.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
bathrooms come with a bath or a shower.
marbella and the costa del sol are less than 100 km away.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with complimentary towels.
each apartment includes a flat-screen satellite tv, safe, electric kettle and dishwasher.
you can prepare meals using the on-site kitchenette, which is equipped with a refrigerator and a stovetop.
you can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
set in the university residential complex in prague-kunratice, apartman student features modern rooms; wired internet is provided in accommodation units, and public parking is available on site, both for free.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv. some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
situated in ao nam mao, 700 metres from ao nam mao, maepian hostel boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
varna is 25 km away.
2 rooms offer a spa pool.
it features a rooftop terrace with bbq facilities, and views of the grand harbour.
free private parking is also available at this hotel.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
a sweet and savoury continental buffet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room of cristina hotel.
located in charmes-sur-rhône, la vieille auberge offers a restaurant, a terrace, free newspapers and free daily maid service.
free wi-fi is available.
the hotel wedina’s breakfast buffet includes organic food and homemade specialities.
font neuve is 26 km from sarlat-la-canéda and a 40-minute drive from rocamadour.
baan puang petch is a 5-minute drive from bor sang (umbrella village), and a 10-minute drive from the wiang kum kam ancient city.
casa vacanze villa leone is a holiday home featuring free wifi and a terrace set in sperlonga, 2.5 km from villa of tiberius.
this bed and breakfast has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
cable tv is included in every simply decorated guestroom of this white hotel.
located 10 minutes outside downtown raleigh, north carolina, this hotel is 4 miles from the north carolina museum of art.
le petit chalet also offers free parking.
apartment chillout house novalja offers air-conditioned accommodation with a furnished terracee. it is set in the centre of novalja, just 500 metres from the nearest beach.
an on-site fire pit provides a place for guests to relax and socialize.
it features a massage parlour and a spa and wellness centre.
some have 2 balconies.
a car can be rented for sightseeing.
cannes immo concept - commandant lamy is a self-catering accommodation located in cannes.
studios at b&b viva pompei are simply furnished and overlook the town’s historic centre.
at hotel karolinka you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
guests can enjoy a hot breakfast that features eggs, fresh fruit and cinnamon rolls.
it offers massage treatments, and features an outdoor pool and a tennis court.
featuring free wifi and a buffet restaurant, guangyong lido hotel offers accommodation in guangzhou, a 3-minute walk from beijing road subway station. free wifi is available in all rooms.
the self-catered flo apartments are located at various locations in brasov, within 350 metres from the train station.
the rooms are equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the air-conditioned apartment includes a rooftop terrace.
other facilities offered include luggage storage, a terrace and a rooftop garden.
you can enjoy breakfast including juice, fruit, yogurt, pastries and tea or coffee.
for your comfort, you will find slippers and a hairdryer.
this hotel has an indoor pool, an on-site hot tub and air-conditioned rooms with a 32” flat-screen tv.
a bus connects you to ora train station, 24 km away.
located only 400 metres from sapanca lake, sau kirkpinar uygulama hotel offers 24-hour front desk service and rooms with free wi-fi.
the hotel’s restaurant specialises in fish dishes and typical ligurian recipes.
hampton inn lewisville’s guest rooms are equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
located 2 km from the centre of neustift in the stubai valley, landhaus auen offers spacious apartments with a balcony overlooking the stubai alps.
a range of local and international restaurants, as well as bars and cafes are located within a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
the chefs specialty is a mediterranean fondue.
the centre of elounda is within a 3-km distance.
all rooms offer views of the lake.
located in chisinau, opposite the state circus, city circus apartment offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
situated in moniga in the lombardy region, this detached holiday home is 37 km from verona. the air-conditioned unit is 7 km from sirmione.
the bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
each comes with a seating area and a fully equipped kitchenette, a tv and a private patio.
royal heaven villas offer ultra all-inclusive service.
extras include a washing machine.
the rooms in hosteria elken feature private bathrooms and flat-screen satellite tvs.
lake chelan municipal golf course is 10 minutes’ drive away. leavenworth, washington is 1 hours’ drive away.
it offers stylish rooms with free wi-fi and elegant bathroom facilities.
all accommodation has a private bathroom and satellite tv. free wifi is available in public areas.
the restaurant specialises in traditional sicilian recipes and only uses local products.
daily housekeeping service is provided.
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including hiking.
leidseplein and the jordaan district can be reached by taking tram 10.
rooms are equipped with satellite tv and a private bathroom.
room mate gerard features free wifi throughout the property.
birds nest cottages is located in beaufort west and offers chalet accommodation with karoo style architecture.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are featured.
free parking with room for buses and trucks is also available.
free wi-fi is available in each suite at the comfort suites miami.
the private bathroom includes a shower, slippers and free toiletries.
it opens onto a large garden, equipped with table and chairs.
set in a 19th-century villa with a heated swimming pool in the exotic garden, this residence offers soundproofed apartments with free wi-fi access.
the nearest airport is pula airport, 45 km from apartment in porec with three-bedrooms 1.
this super 8 in yorkville, illinois offers a daily continental breakfast, free wi-fi and on-site laundry facilities.
guest house himeji 588 is a 5-minute walk from himeji castle and koko-en garden.
free wifi access is available in all areas.
at castelinho guesthouse there is a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
grenoble - isère airport is located 73 km away.
fishing and snorkelling activities can be enjoyed on the nearby pebbly beach.
the property can accommodate up to fourteen guests.
other area activities include golfing and fishing.
the hotel features a contemporary décor, a terrace and free wi-fi internet access.
some have an independent kitchen, some have 2 bathrooms.
an italian breakfast is served daily and includes hot drinks, croissants and pastries.
syracuse city centre is 15 minutes’ drive.
rooms are tastefully furnished and fully air-conditioned. guests also enjoy free wifi access throughout the property.
cefalù is a 30-minute drive away.
added conveniences include currency exchange, laundry and a 24-hour front desk offering luggage storage and safety deposit box.
the cosy bar offers real local ales and snacks, and cooked or continental breakfasts are also available.
the residences centennial park offers luxury self-contained accommodation with free wifi and free on-site parking.
guests receive unlimited access to a private boat with a captain to explore the surroundings.
surrounded by lush greenery, ena villa is a tropical escape with a private pool and a gazebo. it offers free shuttle service to sanur beach, a 5-minute drive away.
the property is a 5-minute walk to chaweng centre where guests will find plenty of thai and western restaurants.
black jack's crossing golf course is 25 minutes' drive from the property.
the unique hotel bucharest is situated 13 km away from otopeni airport and only 3.5 km from the romexpo exhibition centre.
located on the promenade opposite venus beach, apartamentos mediterraneo offers a free wi-fi zone and 24-hour reception.
overlooking the historic wat ounaloum pagoda, hometown hotel is centrally located in phnom penh city, 200 metres from the national museum.
all self-catering apartments feature a kitchenette.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
backpackers' inn is located in rostock, directly next to rostock-marienehe train station. free wi-fi access is available, and the hostel hosts regular exchanges for foreign languages students.
there is also a bar.
the accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen tv. there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and oven. a microwave, a toaster and fridge are also provided, as well as a coffee machine.
this bed and breakfast is a short walk from a variety of waterside pubs and restaurants, and a wide range of town centre shops.
all rooms at hotel vz měřín come with a refrigerator, a tv, a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with a shower.
barclay's center is 15 minutes by train.
known as the golden cape, the popular zlatni rat beach area is just 1.5 km from bolbeach guesthouse.
deribasovskaya street is a 10-minute walk away, city garden is a 12-minute walk, and the odessa museum of numismatics is a 15-minute walk from the property.
all unique guest rooms offer free wi-fi.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and hairdryer.
the backyard garden is the perfect spot to socialise with the other guests.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
if your check-in time changes, please update the property.
le kandahar appartement 204 is located in the heart of les deux alpes ski resort, which features 225 km of ski pistes.
bathroom and toilet are shared with other guests.
a tv is provided.
you can park your car for free on site.
the hotel is encircled by the sea of galilee, golan heights, mediterranean sea and lots of forests, mountains, an ancient city, druse villages and much more.
the motel offers free wi-fi and guest rooms with cable tv.
the private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
a varied breakfast buffet is provided in the mornings.
browse the free wi-fi.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
dry cleaning, laundry and airport shuttle services are provided at an extra cost.
marmaris city centre is only 1.5 km from tropic marina.
with a balcony, the air-conditioned rooms come with a satellite lcd tv. each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
a kitchen is offered at these apartments in kiev city centre, 600 metres from pecherskaya metro station and 300 metres from international friendship metro station.
films and music are provided on request.
apartmani vedrana is a self-catering accommodation located in klenovica.
a bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge.
located on siquijor island, the beachfront casa de la playa beach resort features a spa, restaurant and accommodation that overlooks the sea.
it is a 10-minute drive from beaches, boutique shopping and dining options in both rye and portsea.
the property can provide indonesian and western dishes for guests to enjoy in the comfort of their own rooms.
practical rooms with free wi-fi are offered only 100 metres from cusco’s main square.
free private parking is possible on site.
the grandvalira ski resort is 2 km away but for those wishing to do some cross-country skiing there are other resorts 15 km away.
guests can enjoy complimentary access to the swimming pool as well as the property’s health club facilities.
the nearest airport is guilin liangjiang international airport, 24 km from the property.
this 4-star hotel is located 2 km from the centre of saint-tropez.
guests can also enjoy a range of massages, treatments and wraps.
hvar port, with frequent links to split, vela luka on korčula island and the italian town of ancona, is 100 metres away.
towels and bed linen are offered.
a 2-minute walk from coakers walk and bryant park, jc woodville manor offers a peaceful retreat in kodaikkanal.
the themed rooms feature stylish wall murals, free wi-fi and in-room computers.
breakfast can be enjoyed in the breakfast room or on the outdoor terrace.
there is also a business centre at the hotel.
the property is just 500 metres from kelab golf perkhidmatan awam malaysia.
sangate hotel airport is situated within a 5-minute drive from the galeria mokotów shopping centre.
in the heart of central yakima, washington, a short stroll from the yakima convention center, this hotel offers a 24-hour convenience store and in-room microwaves and mini-refrigerators.
the property offers free parking.
alushta is 40 km from tavricheskaya inn, while hurzuf is 47 km away.
chromepet railway station is 17.2 km away.
typical meals from minas gerais state are served at taverna do cônego restaurant.
tea and coffee-making facilities are included in every guest room at hampton inn & suites jamestown. ironing facilities and a work desk are also provided.
there is a vips restaurant just 50 metres from the property, and guests can find a variety of other dining options along the city’s malecon, just 500 metres away.
you can also start mountain hikes from the hotel.
private parking is possible on site, and free wifi is accessible for all guests.
featuring free wifi, the tropical guesthouse offers air-conditioned accommodation in portland.
at finca en anapoima you will find a terrace and a shared lounge.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist guests with luggage storage and laundry services.
laundry facilities are shared.
trickle creek golf course is 5 minutes’ drive away.
a convenience shop is on site.
la casa di ortensia is a 10-minute drive from the centre of parma. it offers self-catering accommodation featuring free wifi.
other facilities offered at the property include a business centre and meeting rooms.
this kyriad hotel is kyriad chambery - la ravoire located 3 kilometres from chambery, on the way to the region’s ski resorts.
it takes 15 minutes to drive to belorussky train station, from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress.
boasting a quiet location in the apulian countryside, lama cupa is 4 km outside fasano.
guided snowshoeing tours are available on request.
bathroom is shared and is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
torre santo stefano is 4.4 km from casa rossana, while porto badisco beach is 8 km away.
shenzhen dameisha sea world holiday apartment offers accommodation in shenzhen. it is located a 5-minute walk from dameisha seaside park.
at apartments patricia you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. the property offers free parking.
apartment with city view is an apartment situated in saint petersburg, 2.3 km from lenexpo exhibition complex.
in-room massage services are available for a surcharge as well.
brand (niederlausitz) train station lies 13 km away, and the a13 motorway is 15 minutes by car.
friedrichshafen airport and lake constance are each a 15-minute drive away.
the attached bathroom includes hot/cold shower facility, towels and free toiletries.
all accommodation has free wi-fi.
set in a georgian mansion, yha penzance features a traditional restaurant and leafy gardens. penzance seafront is a 15-minute walk away, and newlyn harbour is just 1.5 miles away.
set in an 18th-century mansion, la maison des lumieres is a hotel located in beaumont-de-lomagne.
a mini market is 10 metres away, while a bus stop is within 200 metres from the family-run hotel europa.
the water park is closed on mondays.
it offers sweeping views of the city and lake from its rooftop swimming pool and panoramic fitness centre.
with the bedroom on a mezzanine, this apartment has a fan and a radio.
the apartment at the besta comes with a well-equipped kitchen, satellite tv and a seating area with a sofa and fireplace.
rooms here feature a tv with cable channels.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
this holiday home is 30 km from viracopos international airport.
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities, a bathtub and a hairdryer.
the accommodation boasts a private entrance and a garden view.
in season, skiing is the region’s main attraction.
the property features the terrazza gastrobar restaurant.
guests can unwind with a drink at the sand dune lobby lounge.
jerez de la frontera is a 55-minute drive away.
views of downtown spokane are included.
the delicious food offer consists of a breakfast including the local dairy speciality basa, home-made cheese.
the property is 1.5 km from pacha and boasts views of the city.
a laundry service is available and luggage storage is offered.
the rooms feature bunk beds and heating facilities.
it offers apartments with free wi-fi, a fully-equipped kitchen and a balcony overlooking the surrounding area and the mountain.
activities in the surrounding area include cycling, horse riding and canoeing.
an outdoor pool is available.
there is a private bathroom with a bath.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a patio.
golfpark oberkirch is a 30-minute drive from the guesthouse.
free use of bicycles and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for golfing and windsurfing.
this property is less than 2 blocks from the museum of north texas history and 1 mile from the wichita falls memorial auditorium.
it offers modern and bright apartments with a balcony and mountain views.
the apartment providesa tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
the nearest airport is philip goldson international airport, 33 km from becks bed & breakfast.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, cd player, satellite and dvd player.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
each bright and modern room at lofoten vandrerhjem kabelvåg comes with either a private or shared bathroom.
with carpeted flooring, all rooms come with a flat-screen cable tv, air conditioning and a coffee machine.
anna hvides gård museum is a 3-minute drive away.
bad blumau thermal spa is 24 km away, and several other thermal spas are within 30 km.
travel and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on-site tour desk.
the apartment is located on the ground floor and comes with a bathroom and a kitchen.
the bathroom is fitted with a shower.
old phuket town is situated 1.2 km from this property; whilst bangla road can be reached under 9.2 km.
the en suite bathroom includes a bathrobe, hairdryer and free toiletries.
several restaurants can be found within a 10-minute drive of dokterstuin cottage.
they have well-equipped kitchens and modern home entertainment systems with cable tv.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
restaurants serving traditional german food are only a 10-minute walk away.
the rossio historical area is a 6-minute drive and features a number of shops and local cafés.
dubrovnik airport is 77 km from the property.
local buses stop right on site with lines to saranda beaches.
1 free parking spot can be used in the lenzerheide’s underground garage.
offering an outdoor pool and views of the sea, seaside huts lembongan is located in lembongan in the bali region, 500 metres from mushroom bay.
guest staying at the top notch inn can enjoy in-room conveniences like a microwave and a refrigerator. there is also a coffee machine and a hair dryer in the en suite bathroom.
10.7 km away from this hotel.
the hotel is one mile from cove island park, which is located on cove harbor.
featuring a private terrace, bungalows come with air conditioning, clothes rack, a dining table, satellite tv and sofa seating area.
featuring a garden and a shared kitchen, fiolentovskiy guest house is located in sevastopol, 1 km from the sea and st. georges church.
guest rooms at the rogers holiday inn are equipped with 32-inch flat-screen tvs and ipod docking stations.
the fully equipped kitchenette includes a microwave, dishwasher and a rustic tiled stove.
palermo falcone e borsellino airport is a 25-minute drive away, and a shuttle service is available upon request.
at osaka village you will find facilities like a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
the property is 6 km from grand stage at mezaparks and 9.5 km from the old town.
the en suite marble bathroom comes equipped with a bathtub or shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
set in sunny beach, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony. the unit is 400 metres from action aquapark. free wifi is featured .
rooms at bali resort nibbana have wooden flooring and furniture.
the pietra ligure exit off the a10 autostrada dei fiori motorway is 3 km from this property.
rio de janeiro's galeão international airport is located 18 km away.
akihabara and asakusa can be reached from asakusa-bashi station, while higashi-nihonbashi station offers direct transit to haneda airport as well as narita airport.
at cornely mühle you will find a garden and barbeque facilities.
larnaca international airport is 55 km away.
santorini airport is located 5 km away.
you will find a terrace with garden furniture.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can help guests arrange a massage service.
avia is located in kalamata within 50 metres from the beach.
equipped with light wooden furniture, rooms at the gasthof zum sandlweber include cable tv and a work desk.
there is also a café.
the beachend’s rooms benefit from dvd and book-borrowing facilities, as well as lcd tv/dvd players with freeview. free toiletries are provided, as well as hairdryers, ironing facilities, and tea/coffee facilities with biscuits.
featuring a balcony with garden views, rooms come with a work desk.
ideally located just 500 metres from the north sea on the island of sylt, hotel wittenbrink's offers a terrace and garden, free shuttle service and free wifi.
there is a lounge with a fireplace and sofa bed, and the kitchen comes with an electric hob, microwave and coffee-maker.
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub and bath.
the hotel is close to the pedestrian shopping area around via garibaldi.
other facilities like a ticket service are offered.
fitted with wooden flooring and interiors, comfortable rooms at ko tao resort - paradise zone are completed with a cable tv, a refrigerator and a safety deposit box.
a hairdryer and shower are found in the bathroom.
at the pleasant villa, guests can indulge in massage treatments or relax with a drink at the sun deck.
some rooms have seating areas with sofas.
free public parking is available.
a 20-minute drive from jr akama train station, the route-inn wakamiya inter features a soothing hot public bath, a restaurant and rooms with wired internet access.
guests can also choose cottage accommodation that has a kitchen, tv and private bathroom with and washing machine.
all holiday homes are air conditioned and include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven. a toaster is also provided, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
there is an indoor pool for cooler months, and tennis courts for the summer.
dagenham conference centre is a 15-minute drive from the property and london city airport a 25-minute drive away.
all rooms come with air conditioning facilities and some rooms also include a fan.
the individual rooms at country park inn are set in a separate annexe building, and each has a private shower room.
it also offers an international menu.
set within tres and gardens, this holiday home features barbecue facilities and a terrace with an outdoor dining table.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the villa rooms offer large crystal shower stalls.
offering accommodation with air conditioning, residenza romana zucchelli is set in rome, 200 metres from piazza barberini. piazza di spagna is 400 metres from the property.
the studio is composed of a living area with a large bed and a fully equipped kitchenette with a breakfast bar.
it offers large bedrooms with en suite bathrooms, free wi-fi and free parking.
apartments also have a kitchen.
some units come with a fireplace, which can be used at a surcharge.
the apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the us/canadian border is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
guests can enjoy a dining table and bbq facilities in the private terrace.
the spacious guest rooms are equipped with an lcd tv with canal+ and bein sports.
each room features a tv and a private bathroom.
guest house naira is only 1 km from gelendzhik airport.
guests at apartamento guarujá can take in the ocean view from the balcony.
rooms at the ristorante colombo all come with a tv, desk and private bathroom.
in 2010, nørre vissing kro’s restaurant was awarded with 2 stars by den danske spiseguide for the 6th year in a row.
an electric kettle and fridge are provided.
facilities in each one include an lcd tv with dvd player, as well as both a washing machine and dishwasher.
the nearest airport is santiago international airport, 16 km from the property.
apeldoorn, featuring apenheul primate park and paleis het loo, is a 15-minute drive from fletcher veluwse bos.
towels and bed linen are available at svetlana apartment on estonskaya 37.
a bus stops 150 metres from the property, and a bakery, restaurant and shops are within a minute’s walk.
villa napsugár’s apartments have a kitchenette, cable tv and living area.
the air-conditioned rooms and suites of the iakinthos feature a mini fridge, tv and safe. all units have private balconies with beautiful sea views.
overlooking the picturesque port of marina grande in the heart of sorrento, coltur suites are the choice of those who want modern, self-catering accommodation with a view.
the living room comes with a flat-screen satellite tv, sofa bed, cd player and radio.
the gym and swimming pool offers guests the opportunity to get some exercise.
los angeles international airport is a 10-minute drive away.
hotel hill boutique offers a rich traditional turkish breakfast prepared with local ingredients every morning.
germaniya hotel is situated in kislovodsk, the narzan gallery is within a 5-minute walk away.
the spacious apartment has large, bright rooms and a lounge with a tv.
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in every unit.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
you can fish in the river (bringing your own), relax outdoors, and enjoy free wi-fi throughout the building.
the apartments have a 24-hour front desk, and private parking is available on site at a charge.
some rooms of hotel bonarda offer a microwave and refrigerator.
an array of activities are offered in the area, such surf, yoga and windsurfing.
phnom penh international airport is 9.3 km from the property.
the studio of de zeeuwster is fitted with a seating area, dining area and kitchenette fitted with a refrigerator and microwave.
featuring free wifi, guest house na sanatornoy is set in gelendzhik, 8 km from olymp entertainment park. free private parking is available on site.
for dining, it is within a 5-minute walk from seafood and chinese restaurants.
zug can be reached in a 10-minute drive and zurich in a 20-minute drive.
free wifi is available throughout the property, including the garden.
the hotel also provides bike rental, tour and ticketing services.
set in davos dorf, 150 metres from parsenn mountain train station, hotel rössli offers ski-to-door access; a restaurant with a bar, rooms with cable tv, and free wi-fi in all areas are also featured.
the rooms are furnished with a flat-screen tv with a dvd player, free coffee and tea facilities and allergy-free bed linen.
parking is free on site.
the wellness centre includes a sauna, turkish bath and hot tub. massage and beauty treatments are also available.
offering an indoor pool and a spa and wellness centre, sanatoriy profilactoriy sosnovyi bor is located in a pine forest in yaroslavl.
just 500 metres from the old market, this guest house offers accommodation with free wi-fi, free parking and a 24-hour reception service.
bathrooms have elemis products, whilst some rooms enjoy views of the local forest.
bangkok city pillar is 450 metres from the property, while temple of the emerald buddha is 550 metres away.
guests have free access to a gym, a sauna and bicycles.
guests can enjoy thai and western dishes at bann suan restaurant.
located in mykulychyn, sadyba gutsulska pisnya lodge features a terrace, free wifi and free parking.
dormitory rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating systems.
an airport shuttle service is available, and there is free parking available on-site.
boasting an outdoor pool and a private beach during summer, nichinankaigan nango prince hotel offers spacious guest rooms with a great sea view.
guests are welcome to relax on the terrace or in the garden.
a swimming pool and tennis courts are accessible by car 5 minutes away.
baza otdykha fokino-privolzhye also includes a sauna.
there is a grocery shop located 300 metres from the property.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
the living-dining room comes with an l-shaped sofa, flat-screen satellite tv and dvd player.
at departamento en condominio licanray - rancagua guests will find a garden. activities in the surrounding area include cycling.
tarragona city is 20 minutes’ drive.
there is an outdoor swimming pool and all of the rooms have satellite tv.
free wifi access is available in the reception and bar area.
barbecue facilities are on-site and a private entrance is available for guest convenience.
with a homey atmosphere coupled with renovated interiors, the hostel features accommodation in twin rooms, family rooms and dormitories.
the property is set 200 metres from the historical mansion cindro house.
the two bathrooms come with a shower.
the apartment features lake and mountain views, a flat-screen tv, a seating area with a sofa, a kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower an bathrobes.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi and garden views.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
dilbeek's train station is 2 km away.
situated in front of the beautiful ebro delta nature reserves, there are many activities for guests to enjoy in the surrounding area, including fishing and hiking.
prego restaurant serves international dishes for lunch and dinner. the square is open for all meals and features a buffet spread of thai cuisine and western foods.
offering a restaurant and a fitness centre, sheki palace hotel is located in sheki, 50 metres from kahn palace.
the cyprus university of technology is 1.45 km away.
the podjavornik ski area is located 8 km away.
restaurants and shops are found nearby.
located just a 6-minute walk from jr hakodate train station, hotel heart inn offers free wifi access throughout the property and simply decorated accommodation with air conditioning.
the moscovsky ii hotel is an attractive and cheap option in this expensive city.
there is a well-stocked library and a lounge with tv and dvd player, cards, and board games.
located in the town of adamadas within 200 metres from the port, niki rooms offers accommodation with free wi-fi.
set in winston-salem, this hotel offers rooms with 32-inch flat-screen tvs and small pantry areas.
featuring a garden, an outdoor swimming pool, and a restaurant, casa d'campo tababela hotel boutique offers free wi-fi and american breakfast.
all come with satellite tv, a work desk and private bathroom.
the restaurant, specialising in regional cuisine, uses organic produce from the farm.
it offers clean and comfortable rooms with air-conditioning and a private bathroom.
reservations for medical treatments at the alžbětiny lázně spa can be made at the guest house.
the apartment will provide you with a cable tv and a terrace.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is offered.
some offer views of the adriatic sea and most include a balcony.
just 300 metres from montjuïc, the abrevadero guest house offers both rooms and apartments.
it offers en-suite rooms with free wi-fi.
distributed over 2 floors, this villa has 2 twin bedrooms, a full bathroom and a living-dining room with tv and fireplace on the ground floor.
free private parking facilities are available.
this one-bedroom house features mexican-tiled walls, as well as a bathroom with a shower and an ecological toilet and a fully-equipped kitchen.
pousada vivenda da barra is located 100 metres from mampituba river and 200 metres from molhes beach.
a stovetop and coffee machine are also offered.
la flora resort & spa khao lak is a 1 hour drive from phuket international airport.
an array of activities can be enjoyed onsite or in the surroundings, including water sports, tennis, football and fishing.
this hotel is just 150 metres from çanakkale’s seafront.
all rooms have a balcony.
free private parking is on site.
featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with bathrobes.
guests can plan local day trips at the tour desk or enjoy a book in the hotel’s library.
featuring free wifi, eyre hotel offers accommodation in whyalla.
each air-conditioned room also features westin bath amenities.
a daily buffet breakfast is provided.
the property is 600 metres from grimaldi forum monaco and monaco’s japanese garden.
room service is available.
free private parking is offered at the property.
visit the hotel’s cosy café, with its welcoming terrace, where as many as 15-25 different types of cakes and gateaux are prepared daily.
pokoje goscinne nawrot is located in zakopane, just 400 metres from the train station.
views of the sea, pool or garden are featured in certain rooms.
palm jumeirah and dubai marina are 25 km from burj views.
this lively area has lots cafés, and borghese gallery and museum is 1 km away.
a hot tub is available.
2 local restaurants can be found within 200 metres for dining.
a dvd player and play station 2 are available on request.
the inn is within a 25-minute drive of the massanutten golf and ski resort.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
located in arkhangelsk, this apartment features free wifi.
xango’s 24-hour reception staff can provide information on local restaurants and activities.
it also features a living area and the bathroom is fitted with a shower, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
guests can enjoy a game of table tennis at the games room.
the property provides a private garden with barbecue facilities, a football goal, a place for a bonfire, badminton rackets, croquet, a swing and a sandpit.
perla hotel is 350 metres to caycuma bus terminal.
guests can enjoy a workout in the 24-hour fitness center.
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven. a tv is offered. there are 2 bathrooms in this apartment.
atlantis club resort’s restaurant serves local and international cuisine indoors or on the terrace.
situated in vityazevo in the krasnodar krai region, 10 km from anapa, гостевой дом на уютной boasts a barbecue and terrace. free private parking is available on site.
located 100 metres from the beach in limone sul garda, albergo villa lori offers a garden, bar and accommodation with a furnished balcony.
bicycle/ski storage facilities with a boot dryer are available on site.
massage services and beauty treatments can be arranged upon request.
free wifi is available throughout.
apartment liudmila boasts views of the garden and is 300 metres from the nearest beach.
all units come with a private balcony and sea views.
the nearest airport is simferopol airport, 32 km from hotel u piter.
within 1 km, you can also visit the famous mykonos windmills and the scenic little venice.
all rooms at cityhotel d&c have cable tv, a minibar, and a spacious bathroom with a hairdryer, a make-up mirror, and luxury toiletries.
currency exchange is provided upon request. there is also a fitness centre at popway hotel.
casa bahia de marbella has a garden with a furnished terrace and impressive views.
it is ideal for visiting the many wineries present in this beautiful part of piedmont.
the air-conditioned guest rooms offer an lcd tv with satellite channels, a toaster and tea/coffee making facilities.
some of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the city.
you will find a taxi and a bus stop just 80 metres from the apartments.
lighthouse bungalows is 30 minutes’ drive from thongsala pier.
cross-country skiing trails are a 2-minute walk away.
a restaurant area can be located 15 minutes’ drive away.
you will find a garden and terrace with barbecue facilities and garden furniture.
odina is a picturesque farmhouse in the tuscan countryside, 10 km outside loro ciuffenna.
verbania is 15 km away.
the property offers free parking.
the city centre offers a wide variety of restaurants, plus the local market also features stands that sell typical snacks and tasteful dishes.
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
at apartments vukovic you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
hotel amour & symphony is located in central suwon yeongtong city.
the woodfire grille & bar features local produce, home-style american dishes, and local micro-brew beers by the pint. beer flights and moonshine cocktails are also offered.
charming studio apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro. free wifi access is available.
at the grace hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
guests benefit from balcony. free private parking is available on site.
views of the valais alps can be enjoyed from the balcony.
inn eurospa offers a variety of massage services including aromatherapy and couples.
there is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the water park and bowling alley.
the stop of the electric bus can be found in the immediate vicinity of the family-run hotel blauherd.
it offers wellness facilities, plus a free shuttle to the schnalstal slopes, 10 km away.
the rooms at the centre hotel feature a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
you will find a gift shop at the property.
holiday home hallumvej esbjerg v xii is located on a closed natural plot in hjerting.
breakfast is available in the morning.
it is 15 minutes' drive from lignano sabbiadoro and lignano golf club.
the millstätter see golf course and the goldeck ski area are both 7 km away.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a fridge and there is a private bathroom. a flat-screen tv with cable channels is provided.
guests enjoy the convenience of in-villa breakfast and on-site laundry service as well as vehicle rentals.
chalet matin is a 5-minute car drive from the landal brandnertal leisure complex, where facilities like a sauna and a large indoor swimming pool can be used free of charge.
additional facilities at the résidence c2a include an underground car park, an outdoor terrace and a pool table.
the hotel has a western-style coffee shop and a chinese restaurant on site.
crowne plaza alice springs lasseters offers rooms and suites featuring an lcd tv with in-room movies and cable tv.
parking is available on property for an extra fee.
slippers are provided and most rooms have great mountain views.
each well appointed apartment has a seating area and a flat-screen tv.
boasting a prime location in shengli plaza, dalian bohai pearl hotel is situated opposite victory square and offers comfortable rooms with free internet access. it features an indoor swimming pool, 3 dining options and free parking.
wifi access is available in public areas.
all of the accommodation at quinta do monteverde features bright décors and seating areas with wooden flooring.
there is free public parking on site.
other amenities offered at the hotel include dry cleaning, laundry facilities and vending machines.
towels and bed linen are provided.
at syabryna you will find a terrace.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
all have views of the mountains or the güeña river, which runs beside the hotel.
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
lapad bay is 800 metres from apartment bonacic, while onofrio's fountain is 3 km from the property.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
staff at the on-site tour desk can assist with travel and sightseeing bookings.
la posada del rio is located walking distance from tilcara’s main square and commercial area.
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace.
surrounded by a 1000m2 garden, apartment laura massarosa is near bozzano, a 5-minute drive from lake massaciùccoli.
each room here will provide you with flat-screen satellite tv, air conditioning and a balcony.
rooms include a balcony, flat-screen tv and free wi-fi access.
offering daily breakfast and all-day dining, gk café serves a variety of western and local dishes.
located on northbourne avenue, the major thoroughfare in canberra cbd, this modern property gives you the choice of hotel rooms and fully self-contained suites.
izmir adnan menderes airport is 90 km away.
richard petty museum is 13.5 miles away.
the property offers free parking.
there is also a fireplace, a washing machine and bathrooms.
the private bathrooms are complete with free toiletries, a hairdryer, and a shower.
set directly on the shore of lake lugano, albergo ristorante la palma is located 50 metres from bissone harbour.
the air-conditioned apartment features 2 sofa beds, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom with a bathtub.
at apartments grand pinea you will find a shared garden with barbecue facilities, as well as a children's playground.
books, games, free wi-fi and a telescope are all provided to keep guests entertained.
on site you will find a lounge, a bar, a tv room offering satellite television and a restaurant.
a sauna and steam bath can be used free of charge at a hotel across the street.
palace square is 1.5 km from roomp karavannaia, while hermitage museum is 1.6 km from the property.
free private parking is possible on site.
gimpo international airport can be reached in a 30-minute drive.
a 9-hole golf course with driving range is 1 km away and within a 15-minute drive you can reach 2 18-hole golf courses.
the city centre can be reached by a tram and it is about 4 km away.
the town of pag is full of sights such as the rector's palace and tower skrivanat. the unesco-listed pag lace can be seen at the lace gallery 550 metres away, while the salt museum is 800 metres away.
guests who wish to explore amsterdam in an active way can rent a bicycle at the hotel and request a packed lunch for their trip.
friendly inn apartments are situated just 3 minutes’ walk from the silesia city center shopping centre in katowice. all are modern and offer a fully equipped kitchenette and free wi-fi.
a breakfast is served every morning.
the university of alaska is 4.5 miles from the hotel.
located 5 minutes’ drive from the harbour, hotel le corail is located in port louis. the st. francois stadium is 200 metres away.
breakfast is included in the rate and the property features a green garden.
the simeiz observatory and simeiz aquapark are within a 15-minute drive of the assol hotel. yalta is only 20 km away.
a flat-screen cable tv and a balcony with city view are featured in this south beach apartment.
private parking spaces are available on site for surcharge.
the marina can be found 500 metres away.
gunwharf quays leisure and shopping complex, featuring over 90 shops, a wide selection of bars and restaurants, bowling, cinema, and stunning views of portsmouth, isle of wight and the solent, is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
the comfortable rooms have a flat-screen tv.
just 1 km from the village of arén, it offers rooms with views of the aragonese pyrenees.
body and face treatments are available at a surcharge upon reservation.
guests have access to a shared kitchen equipped with a microwave.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
fitted with hardwood floors and decorated with cream-coloured hues, this stylish apartment features a spacious balcony with outdoor furniture and views of the city.
offering an outdoor pool and seasonal outdoor pool, villa rosanna is set in colico in the lombardy region, 5 km from piona abbey.
guests can rent a car to explore the surroundings, recharge with massage treatments, or visit the beauty shop.
gorky park is 7 km from kvartirasvobodna, while pushkin museum of fine arts is 7 km away.
the nearest airport is utapao-rayong-pataya international airport, 28 km from the property.
otaru mounteng offers carpeted rooms with air conditioning and beds. they are fitted with heating, a tv and a mini-fridge, while bathroom facilities are shared.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
salsomaggiore train station is 10 minutes’ walk form the property, while fidenza is reachable by car in 14 minutes.
the golfinhos bay is 6 km from casa de itinho and the popular praia da pipa beach is 8 km away.
you can enjoy a sea view from the room.
porto vecchio port is 30 km from the property and figari airport is 47 km away.
in 22 acres of grounds, the elegant boath house hotel lies on scotland’s moray coast amongst parkland, ornamental lakes and walled gardens.
some rooms come with a sofa bed.
located off interstate 15, this pet-friendly hotel is within walking distance of the marias museum of history and art.
featuring mediterranean architecture, a seasonal swimming pool and a terrace with outdoor seating, casa corte is located 6 km from the historic centre of javea and 5 km from la barraca beach.
sauna, massage service and free wi-fi in all areas are available.
guests can make currency exchanges and arrange for car rentals at the hotel’s tour desk.
some rooms come with a spa bath.
marnixplein tram stop is a 5-minute walk away.
it features a concierge, a garden and a souvenir shop. free parking is available.
this apartment located on upper floors is accessible by lift and features a seating area with a flat-screen tv and a bathroom with a bath and shower.
city inn apartment akademicheskaya is a self-catering accommodation located in moscow, a 10-minute walk from akademicheskaya metro station. free wi-fi access is available.
free private parking is available on site.
there is a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator.
galeao airport is located 13 km away.
the property is within 1.6 km from parliament house and istana negara malaysia palace. the famous suria klcc and petronas twin towers are 4 km away, while kuala lumpur international airport can be reached with a 43 km drive.
all units feature a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge. a stovetop and kettle are also offered.
set 200 metres from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city, daviti tbilisi features free wifi access and free private parking.
thansur bokor highland resort operates a 24-hour front desk that can assist with currency exchange, laundry and babysitting services.
room service and laundry facilities are also available.
the eco-friendly studio features a combined living and sleeping room including a kitchenette, a dining area, sofa, a double bed and a flat-screen tv.
each room has a modern design.
free private parking is available on site.
the hostel provides luggage storage.
set in amsterdam, canal view apartment is close to the city centre, westerpark, jordaan and central station.
the property also features a relaxing porch furnished with chairs and tables.
all come with a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
domodedovo airport is 30 km away.
set on avinguda parallel, hcc lugano is 500 metres from plaza españa’s fira exhibition centre, and the nearby metro and railway stations.
the village is surrounded by a huge parkland complete with outdoor settings, lawns, ancient roman baths and pool area.
every morning, guests will enjoy a selection of breakfast options including full english breakfast.
the kitchen comes with a microwave.
families travelling with children under the age of 16 are required to book private rooms.
chiado is 1.2 km from isabeis! lisbon concept apartments, while rossio is 1.5 km from the property.
you can also spend relaxing in the garden.
other convenient facilities at the napa include a 24-hour front desk, room service and dry-cleaning services.
the living room comes with a flat-screen satellite tv, dvd player and cd player.
some rooms feature views of the mountain or garden.
holiday home zum kleinen könig is located in linsburg, right on the edge of the steinhunder meer nature park.
there is a garden and free parking.
the bright and warmly furnished rooms at innkeeper's lodge hull, willerby each include an en suite bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
free wireless internet access is also available at the hotel.
a safety deposit box and a telephone are also available.
parking is available onsite.
a number of activities is offered in the area, such as cycling and fishing.
located 700 metres from torre d’orso beach, the opa loka residence is a modern property set in a large garden.
featuring a shower with a rainhead, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, a bidet and towels.
a short distance from the sea, the guest house also offers bike hire.
a bar is available, and the area offers many restaurants serving classic italian dishes and pizza.
huesca city centre, known for its churches, is within a short walk.
featuring free wi-fi and a sauna, villa stanislavsky hotel is located 20 minutes' walk from mickiewicz square in lviv city.
it offers accommodation in modern apartments with cable tv.
many rooms enjoy panoramic city views.
set in a former train station, this hotel features a shaded garden and a continental breakfast.
a free shuttle is available to the beach and to the giardini poseidon terme thermal baths.
the in-house kitchen serves a selection of indian and continental delights.
set in ostrovtsy, 14 km from moscow, this apartment features free wifi and a balcony.
all rooms come with heating, a tv and an en suite toilet.
the nyugati railway station, the westend shopping mall and the nyugati pályaudvar subway station (line 3) are all within 400 metres from the building.
from early may until late october, a shuttle bus to a nearby partner beach can be arranged on request. you can hire 2 sun loungers and a parasol at discounted rates there.
cicada market is 1.1 km from holiday apartment marrakesh hua hin.
all have bay views and a fridge; some have a private bathroom.
a golf course is available 4.5 km away on the brijun island.
the monte nock ski area is 15 km from casa da lucia, while cles is 20 minutes’ drive away. fondo is 6 km from the apartments.
the fully-equipped kitchen and dining area allows for self-catering.
a russian banya and massage service are offered here.
located 10 minutes’ drive from lake lure, this north carolina apartment includes access to an outdoor pool and free wifi.
the nearest airport is trieste airport, 32 km from villa dune.
it boasts a peaceful setting overlooking the atlantic ocean, yet is located just 250 metres from a range of shops, bars and golf courses.
area activities include hiking and day trips along the golden circle.
offering free bikes and a shared kitchen, hostel trail is located 450 metres from benito juárez central park and 500 metres from caldas park.
the main bus station and ferry port are located at a distance of 2 km, while the public buses to the old town leave every 10 minutes.
situated in the nerja city centre district in nerja, this air-conditioned apartment is 600 metres from balcony of europe. the property boasts views of the sea and is 1.4 km from burriana beach.
the nearest airport is grenoble - isère airport, 110 km from the property.
ratchathewi bts is a 20-minute drive away.
it features a beautiful garden with a central fountain and 24-hour front desk.
alexanderplatz in the heart of berlin is just 3 km from hotel-pension cityflair.
griessenkarhaus hotel is located in the ski amadé region, 7 km from the centre of flachau and offers a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer. guests can benefit from direct access to the slope and 8-er jet cable car.
the popular istiklal avenue is about a 10-minute walk away.
situated just a 10-minute drive from arenal beach, santa barbara features a private outdoor swimming pool, a terrace with bbq facilities, and table tennis facilities.
mont sutton and mont bromont, about 20 km away, are popular ski destinations.
paradise kings club restaurant serves gourmet cuisine, while there is also a pool bar and an indoor lounge bar.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
fridhemsplan metro station is 150 metres away.
access to a fitness centre is provided to all la quinta inn and suites guests.
onjala is located 40 minutes' drive from windhoek hosea kutako airport.
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the private bathrooms have a shower.
offering bike rentals and cosy atmosphere, appletree guesthouse is located in seoul.
nestled in the historic town of jedburgh, this self-contained annexe is within the grounds of friars acre.
free use of bicycles is available at the property.
all rooms are non-smoking.
there is a dining area and kitchenette, equipped with a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
guests at hotel route-inn sapporo chuo can enjoy video-on-demand movies on the flat-screen tv.
nestled in the picturesque seaside village of isola rossa, these self-catering apartments come with a balcony, patio or small garden.
moganshan shui mo shan ju hostel is a 21-minute drive from mount mogan and a 33-minute drive from deqing county.
the villa offers a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen tv.
family budget inn also provides an on-site launderette.
buses and trams stop just a 5-minute walk away, while trastevere railway station, for trains to fiumicino airport, is 3 km away.
a supermarket and a restaurant can be found within a walking distance.
riccione is 9 km from the property, while rimini airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
ideally located off route 2, the norwich hotel is only nine miles from the mohegan sun casino. the hotel is minutes from, mystic aquarium and institute for exploration, a recognized leader in oceanic research featuring living marine creatures and the latest discoveries of the underwater world, eastern connecticut state university and connecticut college.
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a kettle.
this apartment offers a seating area, a flat-screen tv and a dressing room. the bathroom is complete with shower and toilet.
the bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
located in mahe, a 5-minute walk from carana beach, carana hilltop villa features an outdoor swimming pool, a beauty shop, a tropical garden, and views of carana bay and mamelles island.
located on via del corso, rome's most popular shopping street, class house offers modern rooms with a minibar, lcd tv and free wi-fi.
ceará convention centre and the trendy futuro beach are about 8 km away.
free parking is possible nearby.
local bus stops 500 metres from the villa, while a railway station and a ferry port can be found in zadar, 13 km away.
situated opposite the albert dock, 30 james street overlooks the three graces, which comprises of the royal liver, the cunard, and the port of liverpool buildings.
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
savoury items are available on request.
the property is located a 10-minute drive from federico fellini international airport.
the apartment has a safe and a tv.
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and microwave.
thessaloniki city is at 68 km.
free continental breakfast and free wifi are available to guests of this hotel.
unternigglerhof is a typical farmhouse with animals like cows, calves, cats and rabbits.
look forward to bright, cosily furnished rooms and apartments with oriental rattan furniture.
room service is also available.
juanda international airport is 20 minutes’ drive away from the property.
kristijan apartments offers a garden and a common terrace equipped with free to use barbecue facilities. the property offers free private parking.
located in bad reichenhall, hotel st. georg is set directly across from the well-known rupertus therme spa.
free private parking is available on site.
you can also relax in our tastefully decorated sitting room.
located 3.5 km from sano train station, it serves a japanese breakfast daily.
blu mare is set in one of ponza's main streets, just a short walk from shops, cafés and restaurants.
bright and spacious, rooms at hostal memphis are decorated with tiled floors.
all studios will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
originally a villa from the late 1700s, the gioia is 300 metres from the sea.
cagliari elmas airport is 6 km from the property.
jr hakata train station is 700 metres away, about a 10-minute walk.
in the afternoon, the restaurant offers pastries and mexican coffees.
suvarnabhumi airport is located 90 km away.
bacvice beach is a 20-minute walk away from the tanja apartments.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
the property offers free parking.
lauro carneiro de loyola airport is 67 km away.
the archaeological site of s' arcu e d' eforros is a 15-minute drive from il nido della’aquila
a range of bars and traditional mallorcan restaurants are 5 minutes’ walk from villa cranc.
miracle mile miami is 11 km from luxury apartments in doral by lyx suites, while marlins park is 13 km away.
at holiday home arcticvej harboøre you will find a sauna and a hot tub.
there is also a kitchen where you can prepare your own meals, and on-site vending machines providing drinks and snacks 24/7.
some units have a seating area and/or balcony. there is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with a microwave and fridge.
guesthouse on rustaveli features free wifi .
the nearest sandy beach is about 15 km away.
guests at clifton park best western have access to a business center and meeting facilities.
the hotel continental was originally built for the 1964 swiss national exhibition in lausanne and was recently refurbished, modernized and enlarged.
all units come with a satellite tv, electric kettle, clothes rack, electric blankets and bathroom with a shower.
guests have access to a private or shared bathroom with shower facility.
the 2-storey house offers cosy rooms with splendid views of the surrounding forest and the nearby lake.
b&b la funicolare is 2 km from piazza plebiscito, while capodichino airport in naples is 6 km away.
featuring classic-style décor the apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, one with a spa bath.
sheraton bratislava hotel is located on the banks of the danube river, inviting you to take relaxing strolls along its banks. the hotel is situated within the modern eurovea centre with over 200 shops.
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
for your comfort, you will find bathrobes and free toiletries.
the nearby alexanderplatz s-bahn train station (1 km) provides a direct connection to the brandenburg gate and tiergarten park.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the second living room opens onto a terrace with a dining area, barbecue and small pool.
free wifi access is available.
a comfortable seating area with a flat-screen tv and sofa is also included.
laundry facilities are included.
royal botanical gardens, peradeniya is 5 km away, while the bandaranaike international airport is 103 km away.
accommodation is neatly decorated in a neutral style, with wooden floors.
after dinner, head to the welcoming bar where you warm yourself by the open fireplace during the cooler months.
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv.
offering an outdoor pool and seasonal outdoor pool, presthaven sands holiday park 3 and 2 bed platinum caravan is located in prestatyn in the clwyd region, 26 km from liverpool. there is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the water park.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
located at merville-calonne airport, hotel mervil airport offers free wifi and free private parking on site.
each air-conditioned room offers a seating area with a cable tv and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer at holiday inn express hotel & suites fraser winter park area. a microwave, a small refrigerator and a dining area are also included.
this stylish boutique hotel is conveniently placed 1 km from farrer park station, city square mall and the popular 24-hour mustafa shopping centre.
it offers free wi-fi.
beaches at port de pollensa and cala sant vincenc are within 10 minutes’ drive.
car hire and bike rental can be organised for you, and an airport shuttle service is available.
free wifi access is available in common areas.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out ado international bus station just 5.6 km away and playa del carmen maritime terminal 6.9 km away.
there is also traveller’s coffee café and the sport-bar.
breakfast is prepared with fresh vegetables, some of which are grown in their own garden.
large leather sofas, a tv and a dvd player feature in the lounge area and there is also an open-plan kitchen and dining room.
alternatively, guests can enjoy basketball, beach volleyball and karaoke.
the guest house also offers car hire.
the port is 250 metres away.
barcelona el prat airport is 15 km away.
it provides stylish self-catering suites with fully equipped kitchens and spacious living areas.
dewa house bisma offers the convenience of on-site currency exchange, bicycle and motorbike rental services.
the colourful do beto chalets are hidden in the lush atlantic rainforest, close to the picturesque blue lagoon.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
free wifi access is available.
blaze rock retreat also includes a terrace.
the lambert st. louis international airport is less than 10 miles from the hotel.
during summer, guests can also use all cable cars and lifts free of charge for stays of 2 of more nights.
you can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
massages and treatments can be arranged for guests who want to unwind.
the hotel offers a 24-hour front desk.
all rooms at the książęcy feature simple, romantic design and satellite tv. a bathroom with a shower is provided in every unit.
some come with a living room.
the property offers free parking.
it is 70 km to rome fiumicino airport.
towels and bed linen are offered at rembrandt flat.
the nearest airport is almaty international airport, 17 km from the property.
some rooms include a balcony or terrace.
room service is available.
also on offer at adul villa are an airport shuttle service, barbecue facilities and car hire.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
there are several restaurants in the surrounding area.
the nearest airport is malaga airport, 22 km from the property.
le mas de la verrerie guest house, located in les adrets de l'estérel, is surrounded by woodland and hills, with panoramic views of the estérel mountain range.
the metro station (line 2) is only 5 minutes' walk distance away.
guests can enjoy breakfast, on reuqest gluten-free and lactose-free, in the bright breakfast room or on the terrace in nice weather.
there is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
the hotel is a 1-minute walk from the renovated 1920s cinema, le grand ecran.
there is a living room with a sofa, tv and dvd player.
luggage storage is available.
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport, 19 km from the property.
courtyard birmingham downtown at uab rooms include a seating area.
situated in split, 800 metres from diocletian's palace, downtown comfy rooms and apartments boasts air-conditioned rooms with free wifi.
riyadh airport is a 40-minute away.
lindos is 12 km from rodos beach, while the famous tsampika beach is 2 km away.
600 metres from kaltenbach town centre, guests just need to walk 100 metres from haus theresia to the next ski bus stop.
it features a bar, 24-hour reception desk and free wi-fi.
a satellite tv and coffee-making facilities are provided in all rooms at this orlando days inn on international drive.
it offers an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a tour desk.
with a 24-hour front desk and free wifi access throughout, zoo hostel is located in kiev. this brightly decorated hostel accommodation is just 10 minutes’ walk from lukianivska metro station.
it offers en suite rooms with free wi-fi and a full english breakfast.
a seating area with flat-screen tv and desk are offered in each room at spa vive retreat bed & breakfast.
the apartments offer air conditioning, a seating area and cable tv.
schönhauser allee and the famous mauerpark (wall park) are a 5-minute walk away.
porta romana halldis apartments is a collection of independent properties all located in milan, close to porta romana area and just 15 minutes away by foot from the duomo. the area of porta romana is full of all sorts of restaurants, clubs, theatres and is well-served by public means of transport, with crocetta and porta romana yellow metro line stops in the vicinity, the tram lines 15 and 24 e the bus line 94 stop.
sangster international airport is located 1 hour and 10 minutes’ drive away.
on-site parking is for free at zangerl haus.
there is an on-site restaurant and 24-hour room service is available at hotel mirador
it offers breakfast, free wi-fi and free private parking.
most rooms have a private sauna.
each modern room at hotel eurostars toledo features attractive parquet floors and contemporary décor.
studio taubenschlag offers a self-catering accommodation unit in engelberg centre, 1 km from titlis rotair cable car and 800 metres from brunni cable car.
free wi-fi and an ipod docking station is provided at the fishermen's oasis.
a supermarket is 300 metres away from the ric-m.
greywalls hotel is situated on the edge of muirfield’s championship golf course, on the 9th and 18th holes.
the air-conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen. a flat-screen tv is offered.
a 20-minute drive will take you to bacho kiro cave and the dryanovsky monastery.
the air-conditioned suites and studios at sky open onto a balcony.
guests can reach the famous copacabana beach within 250 metres.
some rooms offer a garden view while others have a pool view.
you can park your car for free on site.
situated only 80 metres from the beach of the black sea, apartment ivet offers self-catering accommodation located in sozopol. free wifi access is available. the property is 800 metres from the old town of sozopol and 800 metres from the amphitheatre apoloniya.
they also feature a bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
during the summer months, local cuisine, including fried fish, tuna and beef dishes, is served in the restaurant.
admire the hotel’s original stone walls and 18th-century building.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms come with towels.
there is a full kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
some rooms offer extra space and a living area.
wellness hotel harrachovka is new 3-star spa complex in a quiet location at the edge of a forest, only 2 minutes from the centre of harrachov.
the property offers free parking.
innovative gourmet dishes are served in the restaurant, which has been awarded 18 gault millau points and 2 michelin stars.
guests can work out in the on-site fitness centre or swim in the indoor pool.
facilities include an lcd tv with satellite channels, minibar and full length mirror.
al vecchio tagliere offers rooms in bergamo’s historical centre, 1 km from the train station.
guests can workout at the fitness centre on-site.
the property is 200 metres from 28 de julio square.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave, refrigerator and stovetop.
this holiday home is 61 km from milan malpensa airport.
it houses a restaurant and bar and offers free wi-fi access in its public areas.
a seating area, a sofa and a work desk are included in each air-conditioned room at residence inn omaha aksarben village.
you will find a coffee machine in the room.
free parking is provided.
free wifi access is available in this homestay.
breakfast is a varied buffet, and can be also served in your room.
a super market and restaurants can be found at 200 metres.
faro airport is 160 km from pátios da vila.
the hotel is an ideal base for exploring the beautiful copper canyon region.
the business center has fax/copy services and free parking is available.
the hotel du centre is 6 kilometres north of boulogne-sur-mer’s port, which offers ferries to dover.
this modern hotel features bright guest rooms with a unique design, air conditioning, satellite tv and free wi-fi access.
at la meissonniere you will find barbecue facilities and golfing can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
a seating area is available inside each unit and on the private terrace or balcony overlooking the gardens.
the on-site restaurant specialises in classic italian cuisine and regional dishes.
it features a restaurant, garden and terrace equipped with tables and chairs.
pueblito paisa is within 8 km and olaya herrera airport is 20 minutes' drive away.
they feature local art craft work.
the restaurant offers breakfast and dinner service.
eden lodge is located in cape coast.
petrozavodsk train station is a 10-minute walk away, and petrozavodsk international airport is 16.8 km from hotel tsentralny.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
the hostel also offers bike hire.
azusa inn is set in la puente, 30 km from los angeles and 21 km from anaheim.
a daily buffet breakfast is served at the wilmington comfort suites. it includes waffles, eggs, meat and fruit, as well as coffee and juice.
the beaches of aegean coast are 5 km from the property. dalaman airport is 28 km away.
on request, a gluten and lactose free breakfast can be prepared.
opening out to a patio, they offer a satellite tv and a private bathroom with a shower.
accommodation will provide you with a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
bed linen is featured.
apartment permskie medvedy is set in perm, 3.4 km from galereya shopping centre.
free parking is avilable on site.
each air-conditioned room comes with a flat-screen cable tv, an electric kettle and a work desk.
you will find luggage storage space at the property.
kazan international airport is 38 km from the property.
a general store, as well as a local restaurant and lounge are within 5 minutes’ walk of the motel.
a shuttle service to/from fiumicino international airport can be arranged on request.
it is a 5-minute walk from bukit bintang shopping and dining district.
balti jaam train station is just 500 metres away.
all suites are equipped with a safe and kitchenette with refrigerator.
you can also shop at the supermarket right next to the hotel.
they are equipped with a flat-screen tv, safe, minibar and an electric kettle.
private or shared bathrooms are available and include a hairdryer and free toiletries.
massages can be arranged for a fee.
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
there is free parking on site.
a selection of indonesian and western cuisines is served in the restaurant, while a variety of beverages are on offer at the bar.
the kitchen comes equipped with a refrigerator, oven, stove, utensils and a small dining table.
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and showers.
a restaurant is 300 metres away and a grocery shop is 2 km away.
michael youth hostel is a 30-minute drive from guangzhou railway station and a 40-minute drive from baiyun airport.
each room is decorated in a traditional style and has a private terrace.
the apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv featuring cable channels.
guest rooms at this rhode island travelodge include a 32-inch flat-screen cable tv with hbo, a microwave, a small refrigerator, a coffee maker and ironing facilities. a large work desk and a seating chair are also offered in every room.
armenian opera and ballet theatre is 3.5 km from benefice mini-hotel & tours, while republic square is 2.5 km away.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
they all have an en suite bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
blackpool international airport is just a mile from the building.
offering an outdoor pool and a private beach area, breeze cottages 2 is located in gelendzhik in the krasnodar region, 6 km from olymp entertainment park.
shops and restaurants are 1.5 km away.
some rooms offer views of the lake.
the nearest airport is falcone-borsellino airport, 38 km from the property.
it offers a continental breakfast and an outdoor swimming pool.
there is a shared kitchen at the property.
holiday home thorupsvej is located in ebeltoft.
the kitchen has a microwave. a flat-screen tv, blu-ray player and ps3, as well as a laptop and a computer are available.
free parking is available at the property.
staff can help arrange car rental and free private parking is offered on site.
the spacious rooms are air-conditioned and well-appoitned with cable tv and a minibar.
the wagenkehr hotel features a terrace, a children’s playground, and free wifi in public areas.
saint isaac's cathedral is a 5-minute walk away.
they are bright and simply decorated in peaceful colours with wooden furniture.
karaoke provides evening entertainment and guests can dance in the nightclub to the dj’s music.
it offers an outdoor pool and modern service apartments with free wi-fi.
all rooms at the hotel are decorated in neutral colours and have a minibar.
featuring an elegant décor, air-conditioned apartments at iq houses also offer a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
barbecue facilities are available to all guests throughout their stays at this alabama sugar beach 104 by sugar sands realty and management property.
hôtel de la chapelle is just 5 kilometres from the business district of saint quentin in yvelines, providing a peaceful stopover outside the town.
petitenget temple is 900 metres from royal samaja villas.
it overlooks the beach and features both indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a balneotherapy centre and a sun terrace.
closest major airport is nikos kazantzakis international airport, at 10 km.
each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
a buffet breakfast is served daily.
the nearest airport is adler-sochi international airport, 89 km from hotel aliya.
residence inn houston is 17.9 miles from downtown houston.
all apartments feature free wifi and some have air conditioning.
the fully equipped kitchen includes has a stove, oven, and dishwasher as well as a microwave and refrigerator.
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette. a tv is offered.
polanco, an important business district in the city, is 8.7 km from the hotel, while the financial district is 5 km away.
guests can enjoy a relaxing drink on the terrace.
situated in kobuleti, this apartment features a balcony and a garden.
modern décor and hardwood flooring feature throughout the guest rooms at ibis dongguan dongcheng.
a flat-screen tv is available.
other services provided at the hotel include a 24-hour front desk, currency exchange, and luggage storage services.
a hearty breakfast is served every morning.
each room comes with a private bathroom.
the bacau train station is 1.5 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including a water park.
bbq facilities are offered on the property.
it consists of a bedroom and a living room with a tv.
the hotel offers 5 dining options, free internet access and a fitness centre.
guests also enjoy free wifi access in all areas.
the closest restaurant is only 200 metres from the property and a grocery shop can be found 4 km away.
they include a seating area and a private bathroom with italian shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
guests can have snacks and beverages at the snack bar.
they can also enjoy a game of table tennis or use the designated barbecue area in the garden, which also boasts a playground for children.
other facilities like dry cleaning, an ironing service and a laundry are offered.
casa tia estebana is a 30-minute drive from el hierro airport and las playas beaches are 30 km away.
a buffet-style breakfast is provided daily, and it consists of sweet pastries and croissants, together with coffee or cappuccino.
rita's house is an apartment set in sanremo, 600 metres from la pigna.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a computer. there is also an electric kettle.
james polk home is 4 miles from this hotel in columbia, tennessee.
the hotel is located on the main road towards palenque archeological area.
there are many restaurants and cafés located along the beachfront and albertplein is 2 minutes’ walk away.
play a round at the elephant rocks golf course, view meteor crater or enjoy a ride on the grand canyon railway, all within driving distance.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace.
there is a 24-hour front desk.
the elm hill marina 4 minutes’ drive away.
other facilities offered include shared lounge, luggage storage and a laundry.
an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and shaded tables is featured at wyndham garden lafayette.
free wi-fi and parking are provided.
mile 1 quad express is 400 metres from embarc panorama by diamond resorts, while toby is 500 metres away.
the living room comes with a sofa, flat-screen tv, cd and dvd player.
breakfast in the room is possible upon request.
this homestay is 11 km from pinto martins international airport.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including snorkelling.
each bathroom comes with a bath.
private bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the modern, air-conditioned rooms feature flat-screen satellite tv and free wi-fi.
guestrooms at the hampton inn atlanta/douglasville include coffee and tea facilities.
guests can walk around the garden or the farm, which includes a vegetable garden, fruit trees, and animals.
maison le palais is 1 km from the centre of le palais and a 20-minute walk from the ramonette beach.
the apartment is 4.3 km away from dodger stadium.
rooms have free wifi, and some have private bathrooms, a plasma tv and balcony.
kitchenettes include a hob and fridge.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
gare de lyon train station is only a 15-minute walk away.
the jules verne futuroscope also has a gift shop, free on-site parking and the reception is open 24-hour.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
the front desk is open 24 hours a day and wi-fi is free throughout the résidence les 3 iles.
apartments at the dickhardt have a balcony or terrace, a flat-screen tv with cable channels, free wifi, a fully equipped kitchenette, and 1 or more bedrooms and bathrooms.
the nearest airport is utapao-rayong-pataya international airport, 70 km from mae pim guest house.
a selection of salads and regional specialties are always available.
it is a 30-minute drive from samui international airport.
a rich breakfast buffet is served in the breakfast room or on the peaceful garden terrace.
during summer breakfast and dinner are served in il monte's large and quiet garden.
the tanger outlet center is a 4-minute drive away.
the property has its own patio for guests to relax on and perhaps spot local wildlife.
the local shopping centre is just a 5-minute walk from toldi apartments pécs. the railway station can be reached on foot in about 15 minutes.
guests enjoy free access to a hot tub and a sauna, upon prior request.
guests are welcome to go walking and jogging in the stötteritzer park, just 400 metres away.
there is also a terrace where you will find sun loungers and parasols.
piazza vincenzo bellini, one of the city's main nightlife hubs, is 500 metres away.
rip mountain is 5 km away.
massages are on request.
this hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free internet and free telephone calls within germany.
the en suite bathroom fits a shower or bathtub.
the property is 750 metres from lagoa rodrigo de freitas lagoon and 3 km from copacabana beach.
ufa international airport is located 21 km away.
hrebienok ski lift is reachable within 11 km.
the unique villa borghese park is less than a 10-minute walk from the property, while approximately 1 km away you will reach the world-known spanish steps and via veneto.
la moraleja hotel is just opposite golf park golf course, which includes tennis courts.
the casona el carmen is just 700 metres from the nearest beach.
all rooms at the sisto v hotel offer air conditioning and satellite tv. each room has a private bathroom with hairdryer, free wi-fi, and most also have a balcony.
the rustic restaurant serves traditional specialities, including vegan and game dishes throughout the day.
a flat-screen tv and a minibar are included.
there is also a terrace with views of the sea.
visconteo castle is 900 metres away.
located in budva, about 1 km from the slavic beach, apartment rozino offers a furnished terrace with barbecue facilities and free wi-fi access.
louviere is a 25-minute car journey from terminus and the strépy-bracquegnies boat lift is less than 20 minutes’ drive away.
offering spacious alpine-style apartments with 3 balconies and mountain views, le petit coeur residence de montagne is in derby-villaret, 4 km from la salle. it has a bar, garden and private parking.
hotel tropico latino is located in santa teresa beach in nicoya peninsula.
set in an 18th-century estate, villa sgariglia resort campolungo is surrounded by gardens and the marche countryside.
you can get to the beach, which offers a selection of restaurants, within 5 minutes ́ walk.
a great variety of shops, cafes, taverns and restaurants surround the hotel.
some rooms feature views of the mountain or lake.
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
the hotel’s restaurant serves local and international dishes.
the underwater observatory marine park is a 10-minute taxi-ride away.
tecklenburg music theatre is 200 metres from hotel drei kronen and a golf course is located 2.2 km away.
the nearest airport is chania international airport, 27 km from the property.
this 17th century aristocratic estate lies halfway between pomezia and the castelli romani regional park.
the nearest bus stop is 200 metres away.
a microwave and refrigerator are also provided and suites include a sofa bed.
family-run marie claire hotel is a new building located in the centre of lanusei, a charming town surrounded by natural landscapes and close to a stunningly beautiful coastline.
built on an elevated position in karya village, the cycladic-style karyatides offers self-catered accommodation with aegean sea view from their furnished balcony.
this ibis is just 2 km from the centre of villejuif and villejuif- louis aragon metro station, providing direct access to paris.
located in siviri in the macedonia region, this detached holiday home features a terrace and a garden.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
featuring a two-storey villa with an open living area in each storey, each comes with a flat-screen cable tv with dvd player and ipod docking station.
longchamp racecourse is 3 km away.
galeão international airport is located 22 km away.
surfing, kayaking and scuba diving activities trips can also be arranged.
laundry and ironing services are provided for the convenience of guests.
the large rooms at the don fadrique feature wooden floors and classic-style décor.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
breakfast is served in the glass-roofed conservatory.
meeting facilities are on site at the norcross super 8 and fax and photocopying facilities are also available.
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
set 600 metres from the sandy beaches of porto santa margherita di caorle and a 5-minute drive from the centre of caorle, this air-conditioned apartment features a garden with a seasonal outdoor pool, terrace and a barbecue.
offering an outdoor pool and views of the sea, villa cosy is situated in yalıkavak.
conveniently located by the main road, a 10-minute drive brings guests to roi et bus station. roi et airport is 17.9 km away.
it is just 500 metres from the santa margarida beach.
offering apartment-style accommodation and a unique rooftop swimming pool with a hot tub, this san antonio resort is located less than 1 mile from the river walk entertainment district.
built in 1735, the hotel has a picturesque garden and extensive lawns down to the riverbank.
located right in front of golondrina bay, cabañas bosque del sur offers a self-catering bungalow with free wi-fi and beagle channel views in ushuaia. free parking is provided.
hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep.
drinks and live music entertainment are available at the lobby lounge and poolside terrace.
irning facilities and a washing machine are available on site.
the 24-hour front desk can arrange luggage storage and shuttle services for an extra fee.
just 4.5 km from fréjus beach, it also offers a soundproofed nightclub and evening entertainment.
situated 2.3 km from old nesebar in nesebar, this apartment features a terrace.
a buffet breakfast service is available daily, at a surcharge.
some rooms offer an ipod dock and balcony.
all modern and light rooms at la quinta historic area come with air conditioning, a desk and tea/coffee facilities.
free wifi is featured throughout the property.
the lugano train station is 4.5 km away and chiasso at the border to italy is 24 km away.
visitors can also discover the nearby towns of waiblingen and ludwigsburg.
guests can go ice skating in the max aichinger arena, or you use the cross-country ski trail behind the gästehaus am badepark.
river reuss is 2 km away.
rooms at choyo tei hotel are air-conditioned and include a yukata robe, an electric kettle with green tea and a section with tatami (woven-straw) flooring.
an á la carte restaurant is in the neighbouring property.
free wifi access is available in this holiday park.
ferienwohnung agerblick is a holiday home set in lenzing, 46 km from salzburg and 70 km from linz. guests benefit from balcony and a terrace.
the public bath features natural hot spring water during the summer.
set in darwin, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. the apartment is 300 metres from crocosaurus cove. free private parking is available on site.
breakfast is offered every morning, while a restaurant is within 2 km.
the rooms have a flat-screen tv. certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
staff are happy to provide more information about outdoor activities in the surrounding area, and there is a ticket service for cabarceno natural park, located 13 km away.
rooms are air conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen tv, refrigerator and private bathroom. a hairdryer is provided.
the bathroom features a bath, shower, washing machine and free toiletries.
guests can enjoy breakfast in the rooms.
rooms at elegance playa arenal are bright and come with a private balcony and satellite tv.
the hospedería de cuenca has a lunch and dinner service available upon request.
there is a double bedroom, as well as a sofa bed in the living room.
you also have discounts at a partner restaurant located nearby.
a dong hotel is located in the major port city of danang.
a variety of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
pitigliano is 19 km away.
santa margherita ligure is 32 km from bed and breakfast le quattro stagioni, while recco is 21 km.
free wifi is available in common areas and free private parking is possible on site.
cable tv, comfortable lounge and dining areas and full kitchen facilities are a standard in all apartments.
hotel città dei papi is just 200 metres from the anagni exit on the a1 motorway, south of rome.
the property is a 5-minute walk from institut du monde arabe and 1.4 km from pompidou centre. opéra bastille is 1.4 km away.
all air-conditioned rooms are fitted with a seating area, a writing desk and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
all have a well equipped kitchen, a dining and seating area and a terrace with garden furniture.
offering a restaurant, white house guest mirissa is located just 500 metres from the famous whale watching mirissa.
a grocery store and a restaurant can be found 200 metres away.
the cais do sodre metro station is a 13-minute walk from feels like home - studio in santa catarina i.
special menus can also be arranged.
the kitchen includes an oven and washing machine.
neighbouring the veluwse golf club, hotel hoog soeren is set in the tiny, calm village of hoog soeren.
only 400 metres from the main square, hostal huaynapata offers rooms with free wi-fi and cable tv in cusco.
the bright apartment features leather furniture and a kitchen with a nespresso® coffee machine.
situated in thermo town, hotel thermios apollon features a lounge with fireplace and a traditional restaurant.
offering a garden and a terrace, hotel maremonti is located in vico del gargano.
some have a private balcony with a view of the sea.
various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5-minute walk.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a seating area.
featuring free wifi, valle santiago suites offers self-catering accommodations located in santiago.
surrounded by gardens, the property is a 10-minute drive to chiang mai international airport and central kad suan keaw department store.
every room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet.
the commercial and banking area is 100 metres away.
daily continental breakfast is available for an extra fee.
staff at concierge and a tour desk can help guests arranging a trip or airport shuttle transfer.
the seating area allows guests to relax with some satellite tv.
live sporting events are screened on the 7 plasma-screen tvs in the lounge and food can also be served on the heated patio area.
a large heated swimming pool is provided at pension sonnblick, 800 metres from the centre of westendorf.
a wide range of wines and beers are provided at the bar.
each is equipped with a 32-inch flat-screen tv, a mini bar and a private bathroom with bath tub or shower including a bathrobe and slippers.
the nearest airport is linate airport, 3 km from wide flat.
usadba zolotaya gorka holiday home has a terrace with bbq facilities.
located on the border of wilpattu national park, big game camp wilpattu offers spacious tents with an attached partitioned bathroom.
opening out to a balcony, the rooms of kolymbia enjoy views over the pool and the mountain and partial views over the aegean sea.
at holiday home lyngsbækvej ix you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
the fully equipped kitchen features a refrigerator, a coffee maker and an oven.
you can enjoy a landscape view from the home.
the private bathroom comes with shower, bidet and hairdryer.
they offer heated accommodation with mountain and garden views.
meals may also be delivered to guests’ rooms.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
the restaurant holiday offers a range of traditional and creative dishes for every taste and budget.
it is situated within walking distance of popular thai boxing training venues, such as tiger muay thai, dragon muay thai and phuket top team.
the volerie des aigles attraction park is a 25-minute drive away.
the san pablo church is just 10 minutes walk from hotel la paz.
corsario is in front of ossos beach and benefits from leisure activities nearby including city tour and diving.
a warm continental breakfast is served daily at the bright dining room, where guests can enjoy views of the town centre.
fully furnished bungalows with lake and mountain views can be enjoyed 1.5 km from downtown calafate and only 100 metres from the lake.
the kitchen offers a stove, a fridge and an electric kettle among other facilities.
a guide and equipment such as binoculars and telescopes are provided.
there is an open living, dining area with satellite tv. the fully equipped kitchen includes a washing machine.
the property offers a garden and sun terrace.
the apartment is 1.2 km from marina gdynia.
set on a hillside at the edge of the historical village of avegno, the case tre angeli features three cottages amidst a large garden with furnished patios, palm tree, a long pergola and an open fireplace.
rooms have a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
it has a tour desk, a restaurant and an outdoor swimming pool
centrally located in mykonos town, the whitewashed domna lakka is just 300 metres from little venice and the famous mykonos windmills.
each includes a private bathroom, and a hairdryer is available on request.
it includes a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area.
you can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
cesme is 80 km from the property.
set within 3 km from palace of culture and science and a 15-minute walk from lazienki park, you can find all you need is bruna street, a self-catering accommodation fitted with free public parking facilities.
set in prague, new design tyrsova apartments is 700 metres from prague national museum. wenceslas square is 1 km away.
the swahili spa & fitness centre has an indoor pool, jacuzzi® and a range of treatments.
at 360 ̊ tanawasin resort & spa you will find luggage storage and meeting facilities.
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
your room will provide you with a private bathroom with spa bath, a minibar, flat-screen tv and dvd player. there is heating and air conditioning, a desk and safety deposit box.
a spa bath is featured in all rooms at inn at the delta.
free parking lot is available as well.
located directly on route 30 , this motel boasts free wi-fi access and cable tv in every guest room. gettysburg is 18 miles away.
several restaurants and bars are located along the warmoesstraat.
just a 5-minute drive from the corniche promenade, jazan royal suites offer modern accomodation with free wi-fi.
nearby there is a possibility to go fishing, cycling and enjoy walk on the beach.
free wi-fi access is provided.
plaza de la virgen and the central market are within walking distance.
spacious accommodation with free wi-fi in all rooms are offered.
san francisco international airport is 19 km away.
guests can relax with a light meal or a drink in the folly lounge bar.
sommerland sjælland is a 30-minute drive from hotel den gyldnehane.
lively tenjin area and tenjin station are within a 10-minute walk.
located in magog along lovering lake, chalet magog features a private beach area, barbecue facilities and free wifi.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
the apartments feature a seating area, private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a children's playground.
a continental breakfast is also available for a lower price.
it is conveniently located just a 10-minute drive from nelspruit city centre.
an airport shuttle is available on request.
hotel il vigneto offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi and flat-screen tv.
located 1 km from cornélio procópio's natural sciences museum, hotel midas offers a spa and wellness centre and a restaurant. free wifi and free private parking are available on site.
gościniec nad iną is located 500 metres of the ina river and surrounded by hiking and cycling routes.
it offers panoramic views of mount etna and a restaurant serving traditional homemade sicilian cuisine.
the area gives many opportunities for hiking as well as skiing.
tanei’s spacious air-conditioned rooms feature cable tv, a safe and modern khmer-style décor. for convenience, an electric kettle and fridge are provided.
the closest restaurant is 50 metres away, and further dining and shopping options are located within 700 metres. both hannigalp’s indoor pool and des alpes’ wellness centre are reachable in 1 minute on foot.
termini train station is almost 2 km away, and can be reached in a 5-minute metro ride.
the closest metro station is ecole militaire (line 8).
most rooms have a balcony.
the rodeway inn bronx zoo is located 22.7 km to manhattan.
a buffet breakfast is served.
you can arrange swimming with dolphins 5 km away.
located 200 metres from copacabana beach, apartamento lausanne is a self-catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro.
amenities include air conditioning, free wi-fi, and a flat-screen tv with a dvd player.
bed linen is featured.
all rooms and apartment comprise a tv, a wardrobe and a private bathroom. featuring a bath tub or shower, bathrooms also come with hairdryer and towels.
the state academic opera and ballet is 4 km from the apartment and trinity cathedral is 3 km away.
situated right on the beach of skinos in plakias village, on the rocks offers rooms that open to a furnished balcony, enjoying unobstructed libyan sea views.
complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has a dining table.
a green-tea maker, slippers and a fridge are provided.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
the apartments at the patio mare come with a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and tea/coffee facilities.
laundry and luggage storage facilities are all available at the front desk.
dry cleaning, laundry and luggage storage are also available.
“thalassa”, the municipal museum of the sea, is a 1-minute walk from nestor hotel.
central levi is a 10-minute drive away.
larnaca international airport is at a distance of 23 km.
ben gurion airport is located at a distance of 9 km.
a shopping centre is found near grand la strada-kassel's vielseitige hotelwelt.
an airport shuttle is available upon request.
private parking is available on site.
the reception is open 24 hours a day.
all public areas have free wi-fi access.
the hotel is 15 minutes' taxi ride away from harbin railway station.
offering both air-conditioning and heating facilities, each room has a minibar, a fridge and a tv with satellite channels.
the guest house is 1.4 km from bus station , 1.1 km from itaúna's beach and 1.2 km from church of nossa senhora de nazaré.
the kitchen features an oven and a toaster.
a 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to travelers inn. the property offers free parking.
located 1 mile from lake george village, this holiday home provides access to a private lake and a boat dock for a fee.
it features a sun terrace where you can enjoy drinks from the bar. parking is free.
the apartment will provide a satellite tv with a dvd player. free wireless internet and a hi-fi system.
there is also a wine bar where guests can try the estate's own wines.
other facilities at apartment luna & lea include a terrace.
the main square is a 2-minute drive.
seaside sandy beach’s spacious, air-conditioned rooms include satellite tv and a furnished balcony.
located in the centre of saint petersburg, apartments uyut features modern-style accommodation with free wi-fi access. the nevsky prospect is a 10-minute walk away.
whale cruises are offered within 2 km of this tadoussac b&b. cap-de-bon-désir interpretation and observation centre is 30 km away.
the hotel features viet lang and la torre restaurants which serve local specialities and a variety of european dishes.
the german border is 10 km away and features several cycling trails.
an american breakfast is available on request.
the nearest ski lifts, harenda and antałówka, are within 1 km, and the city’s main railway and shuttle bus station is located within a 12-minute walk away.
the museum quarter is 300 metres away and houses several art museums, cafes, bars and shops.
popular points of interest, including the anaheim convention center, can be found only a short drive from abby's anaheimer inn.
meals can also be arranged on request, along with a shuttle service from mikkeli airport, 25 minutes’ drive away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing and hiking.
guests of the hotel can use the barbecue facilities and purchase drinks and snacks from the vending machines.
the air-conditioned rooms have parquet floors and views of the shared garden and nearby berici hills.
located in torrevieja, apartment zenia mar 10 is an apartment featuring a seasonal outdoor pool. the apartment is 5 km from torrevieja marina.
additionaly, the owner can arrange guided tours in rio for an additional fee.
rooms at the brauereigasthof zur münz feature a classic design.
the modern apartment comes with parquet floors and extends over 2 levels. it includes a flat-screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
set across the street from forte beach at a 20 metres distance, apartamento praia do forte is a self-catering accommodation located in cabo frio.
for golf lovers, pinhal golf course is 1.2 km from al souk villa, and vilamoura beach is less than 10 minutes’ driving.
a free airport shuttle is provided and pick up is every half an hour from the shuttle bus terminal at the airport.
the on-site restaurant serves a wide selection of nepalese, chinese and continental dishes. cocktails can be enjoyed at the bar.
the marina is less than 2 km from the property.
wi-fi is available free of charge.
set on 1 acre, whitesbeach guesthouse is ideally situated for surfing and swimming at bells beach.
at apartments at granada city residence you will find a spa and wellness centre, a restaurant and a tennis court.
household appliances, kitchenware and cutlery. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the property is 32 km from murcia and 120 km from alicante airport.
there is a large car park at the rear of the property.
north sydney station and ferry wharf are both a short 5-minute drive away.
fuerteventura airport is just 10 minutes’ drive from the sheraton fuerteventura.
guided visits can be organised on daily basis.
featuring an atrium with an indoor pool, this tropical-themed hotel also includes a sauna and the coccoloba health & fitness club. it is next door to the surrey conference center and 5 km from the canada/united states border.
non-smoking rooms are also available.
apartments are fitted with wooden furniture and carpeted or wooden floors. a hairdryer is found in the private bathroom.
both local and international meals and beverages are served at delilah restaurant for guests’ convenience.
the rich and international breakfast buffet provides a good start to the day.
the apartment features a terrace, garden view, walk-in wardrobe and a bathroom with a shower.
while the reception is the ticket office, the restaurant and the bar are the stage and audience areas.
ponte vecchio is a 10-minute walk from san niccolò apartment.
a tennis court and sauna are offered at a surcharge.
in-room facilities include air conditioning, a tv and a safety deposit box.
free parking is available at the lazy hostel.
the two bedrooms have double beds and in the living room there are two sleep capacities.
air-conditioned rooms of the property features sea views.
the kitchenette includes an oven, hob, microwave and coffee maker.
zhen chinese restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes.
set within a 5-minute walk from the skiing areas of alta badia and sella ronda, apartments sotbosch offer accommodation with a ski storage space and a panoramic view over the mountain kreuzkofel.
vedersø klit camping’s many leisure facilities include a tennis court and a mini golf course.
house estate woodlands’ air-conditioned villa features a fully equipped kitchen including a microwave, refrigerator and oven with dining area and a seating area.
nevsehir kapadokya airport is 40 km from dream cave.
a flat-screen tv with cable channels and dvd player is available.
fira, the capital town of santorini, is 3 km away. a bus station lies within 20 metres and athinios port is located within 5 km. santorini airport is at a distance of 1 km.
the quinta do troviscal is an 80-minute drive to the lisbon international airport.
featuring a dishwasher, the kitchen has all the equipment to prepare meals.
its location in valle de broto means you can go skiing in winter or practise adventure sports such as canyoning, rafting or trekking.
tropical trees, palms and fragrant flowers surround the garden suite at onomea.
rustic day spa offers a variety of massage treatments.
it houses an outdoor swimming pool and comprises a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and flat-screen satellite tv.
offering a restaurant, mimino guesthouse is located in dilijan.
latvian national opera is 400 metres from rooms in best location next to old town, while riga central market is 600 metres from the property.
the fishing and hiking is possible only steps away from the casa de vacanta pintea.
the nearest airport is ajaccio – napoléon bonaparte airport, 18 km from secic villa hameaux des sanguinaires.
featuring free wifi, a barbecue and a children's playground, hostel koleso offers pet-friendly accommodation in bakhchysaray, 30 km from yalta.
the hotel also offers car hire.
free private parking is available on site.
helpful staff can offer assistance with shuttle service arrangements.
operating a 24-hour front desk, raksmey vimean sour hotel is conveniently situated within 2 km from phnom penh international airport.
le victor hugo is a 2-minute walk from the town centre and the port de plaisance.
ironing facilities can be provided.
on-demand massages are also available.
set less than a 5-minute drive from the closest ski lifts and 3 km from bruneck, garni graber offers free wifi and mountain décor and a garden.
a fitness centre and a seasonal outdoor pool are both available on site at this greenville hotel.
guests can find a wide range of local dishes around.
quinta de calvelos produces some of the essential ingredients that are served at the exclusive restaurant on site.
located on the rural border between gloucestershire and herefordshire, new house farm bed and breakfast is less than 10 minutes’ drive from the forest of dean, ross-on-wye, and the wye valley.
apartments baja provides free wi-fi and free parking in ulcinj, about 400 metres walking distance from the mala plaža beach and 700 metres from the old town.
each one has a living room and the kitchenette comes with an electric hob and microwave.
offering a restaurant, the beach house and restaurant is located in patong beach.
some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven, a microwave, and a fridge.
at san miquel villa you will find a garden and a terrace.
there are washing, drying and ironing facilities in the adjacent block, as well as the deli which serves breakfast.
offering a garden, b&b airport bergamo is located in mozzo, 42 km from milan.
all rooms are conveniently fitted with overhead satellite tv, mosquito net and air conditioning.
hilo airport is 4 km from the property.
at willa eden you will find a garden with barbecue facilities, a playground and a terrace.
within 1 km shops can be found and within 2 km restaurants can be found.
breakfast is served monday to saturday from 06:30 to 10:00 and on sunday from 06:30 to 11:00.
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and free amenities.
located 8 km from petrovsky stadium and 9 km from church of the savior on spilled blood, apartment on engelsa offers accommodation in saint petersburg. the unit is 9 km from hermitage museum.
wanjia oriental chain hotel is a 20-minute drive from tianluokeng tulou cluster.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
a fully equipped shared kitchen is at guests’ disposal. a common room with a seating area, a tv and a dining table is also available.
modern wooden furnishings and a private bathroom with a power shower are also included in each room.
le dô is an elegant self-catering boat situated on the banks of the erdre river, in nantes city centre.
other facilities at baan chidchaba include a terrace.
the town of o grove is a 5-minute drive away, while sanxenxo is 20 km from the hotel.
boasting a pool and a sauna, villa das dunas guesthouse is located in natal's buzios beach.
aparthotel durra 1 is a self-catering accommodation located in the heart of aksaray.
it offers a terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities.
situated in historic aberstwyth, the starling cloud offers a bar, restaurant, and an indoor children’s play area.
the hotel is a stroll from shopping and entertainment areas.
hasmark resort’s spa offers a sauna, steam cabin and massage treatments.
country roads motor inn tooleybuc is 400 metres from the tooleybuc sporting club.
rooms at il casale alle farine include a satellite tv, a fan and a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is kutaisi international airport, 20 km from nino's apartment.
there is also a terrace and a garden.
the property is 5.6 km from mall of arabia and 10.1 km from red sea mall.
the budget hotel has a 24-hour front desk and free wifi throughout.
you will find a kettle in the room.
the property offers free parking for guests.
for leisure, karaoke facilities are available.
set in a 14th-century municipal house, this small hotel offers free wi-fi and an outdoor swimming pool with views of óbidos' castle walls.
the accommodation is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the goldeck ski area is 13 km away.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
hotel la chapelle saint martin is located in a large park and welcomes you in an elegant country house.
ukhta airport is 5 km away.
the nearby bus 760 will quickly carry you to the airport, and the kaiserswerth motorway slip road (a44) is also within comfortable reach.
guests can relax in the public baths and sing at the karaoke rooms.
a meeting space is available.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the hotel.
bolzano is a 45-minute drive away.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a tv, desk and a terrace. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the hôtel dar zakaria provides free private parking and it has a 24-hour reception.
rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bidet.
hurzufske shosse bus stop is within a 9-minute walk and hurzuf bus station is 2 km away.
the building comprises a lift.
situated in kokhi in the ajara region, 28 km from batumi, qobroni boasts a terrace and views of the mountain.
room laranjeiras is also close to rio de janeiro’s main attractions.
each includes air-conditioning, carpeted floors and wood furniture.
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a fridge and stove, or eat out in the cafés and restaurants within a 10-minute walk away.
wifi as well as private parking can be provided upon an additional cost.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
the owners can help with car and bike rentals.
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a private bathroom with a shower.
the property offers free parking.
trapani harbour is 2.5 km from casa vacanze primo piano. the historic centre of trapani is reachable in 5 minutes by car.
james joyce coffetel shenyang south taiyuan branch features stylish accommodation, a restaurant and a 24-hour cafe. the property offers free wifi in all areas.
scholitzer lake is a 3-minute drive from the property.
individually decorated in a scandinavian style, the air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom.
free newspapers are available at the reception.
apartments at kamay cafayate are fitted with fully-equipped kitchens, flat-screen tvs and patios. each of them includes a wardrobe, a fan, a sofa and a complete bathroom.
praça do comércio is a 10-minute walk away through the quaint cobbled streets, dotted with typical restaurants and bars.
located 500 metres from vienna’s main train station, the hauptbahnhof, haydn apartment 1100 offers a modern and bright apartment with free wifi.
the property also offers a private airfield (nzke) available upon request.
the accommodation is 500 metres from the cologne chocolate museum, 600 metres from the wallraf richartz museum, and 1 km from the ludwig museum.
a buffet breakfast is served daily and vending machines with hot and cold drinks and confectionery are also available.
guests can enjoy sea and pool views.
airport shuttle services are offered by the property.
free private parking is available on site.
shops and bars can be easily found in the surrounds.
surrounded by hills, menaggio panoramica is a self-catering accommodation located in menaggio. the property boasts a balcony with lake views and is 6 km from villa carlotta.
set on a polder in the green heart of the netherlands, tulip inn bodegraven is off the a12 motroway, halfway between utrecht and rotterdam.
you can enjoy mediterranean cuisine at the restaurant, which provides a buffet as well as an à la carte menu.
private bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
free wifi access is available.
you can cook your meals here, and enjoy it in the dining area.
it takes 25 minutes by car to lijiang railway station and 40 minutes by car to sanyi international airport.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
taroko national park is a 35-minute drive away.
a 10-minute walk from toya bungkah hot springs, mapa lake view bungalow is set in the beautiful mountains of kintamani.
a grocery store is located 100 metres away, while the property also offers grocery delivery for a surcharge.
free parking is available on site.
a cash machine, shuttle and laundry services are also available.
the attractive rooms of the hotel kühler krug are individually furnished in a classic style.
a car rental service is available.
alpine lake motor lodge is located within 10 minutes’ walk to a number of shops, restaurants and lake activities.
guincho beach is a 10-minute drive from the sea at your fingertips apartment, and guests will find quinta da marinha golf club 3.7 km away.
nearby activities include hiking and fishing.
the private bathroom comes with a bath.
up to 2 children under 12 stay for free, when using existing bedding.
private parking spaces are available on site for a surcharge.
there are indoor and outdoor dining options, and the café features a cosy open fireplace.
at hotel górski czarna góra guests can relax in a sauna and a hot tub, both available at an extra cost.
guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
the rooms are bright and elegantly decorated in warm colours. each comes with a tv, an electric kettle, and a private bathroom with a shower.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
bicycle rental is possible directly from the hotel and free parking is available.
nezu museum is 900 metres from hotel allamanda aoyama, while mori art museum is 1.5 km away.
this palmira clover dream vacation home offers 3-bedroom apartments and a common terrace with a bar and barbecue area.
all the rooms come equipped with a bathroom, air conditioning, tv and a fridge,
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, hob and fridge.
located in gémenos, le mas de bertagne offers an outdoor swimming pool, a garden and massage treatments.
when ready to go out, ask at the tour desk for advice.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
other facilities offered at the property include a games room, a beach volley court and a children's playground.
guests may relax on the sun loungers of the decked sun terrace by the pool.
featuring a rain-head shower, private bathrooms also come with free organic honey toiletries.
ironing facilities are available.
all rooms include a private bathroom.
all guest rooms are equipped with a fridge.
surrounded by the mountains in santa caterina valfurva, chalet bucaneve boasts traditionally decorated apartments and studios with wooden furniture.
the ancient town of korčula and its ferry port are 15 minutes' drive from the property.
this bournemouth hotel is set in 3 acres of mature gardens, which provide a beautiful backdrop to the 87 bedrooms.
a kitchenette with a microwave, toaster and tea and coffee maker is standard in all studios.
buffet breakfast is served and can be served on a terrace with mountain view or in a highland style winter garden.
free snacks and champagne are served all day around the swimming pool.
a buffet breakfast is available.
all accommodation has wi-fi access, and laptops are available for hire.
the kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, microwave and fridge, plus a washing machine and dishwasher.
beverly guest house is a 10-minute walk from the avenue of stars and the star ferry terminal.
guests can have breakfast at the on-site restaurant.
kuala lumpur international airport is 44 km away.
harrah’s metropolis can be reached in 7 minutes’ drive.
piazza barberini is 1.3 km from guest rooms fortuna, while sapienza university of rome is 1.3 km away.
each room is equipped with a tv with cable channels and a refrigerator.
free wifi access is available.
free public parking is available on site.
beautiful villas feature beautiful modern balinese interiors, floor-to-ceiling windows and elegant open-air living areas.
free private parking is available on site.
holiday home harestien væggerløse ix is located in væggerløse. the holiday home can accommodate up to 8 persons.
you can play tennis at this resort, and the area is popular for golfing and snorkeling.
agrigento is 55 km away.
it consists of both sweet and savoury food such as cakes, cold cuts and cheeses, together with juices and hot drinks.
set against the scenic blue mountains, quality inn & suites walla walla features an indoor swimming pool and rooms with refrigerators.
nearly all also feature a balcony.
free parking is provided on site.
the chippewa nature center is less than 20 minutes’ drive away.
the boutique historic inn offers free wi-fi and a 24-hour front desk.
shenzhen bao'an international airport is 30 km away.
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv, air conditioning and a terrace.
the h+ hotel salzburg’s modern rooms all have a flat-screen cable tv, a seating area, an automatic heating and cooling system, a bottle of mineral water, and a bathroom.
breakfast is offered every morning and the restaurant serves a la carte meals as well as table d'hote ones.
every room has a private bathroom.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
offering a sun terrace and water sports facilities, beach house is located in mordogan. izmir is 46 km away.
the red square and the moscow kremlin are 3 metro stops from the property.
phuket airport is a 1-hour drive away.
a flat-screen cable tv, mini-fridge and seating area are included in every guestroom at the jw marriott minneapolis mall of america.
each room provides cable tv, free toiletries in the en suite bathroom at bozeman inn.
close to the national archaeological museum, dryades hotel is situated in a quiet and relaxing spot near strefi hill, in the vibrant district of exarchia, in athens.
each zanzibari styled room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a tub or shower.
the cable car to bielerhöhe pass is also within 500 metres.
located in prague, a 15-minute walk from the o2 arena and 5 metro stops from wenceslas square, luxury green apartment provides a green patio and a garden with a children’s playground. free wifi is available, as well as free parking.
the hotel also offers weekly folklore dinner shows with oriental music and belly dancers.
a range of spirits and soft drinks is available in the bar with an adjoining conservatory, and gourmet specialities are served in the on-site restaurant for lunch and dinner.
it offers simply yet clean accommodation and a tour desk.
a range of local restaurants are located within a 3-minute walk from the property.
it has a swimming pool with sun beds and umbrellas and a poolside bar.
the zaporizhian sich fortress museum on the scenic khortytsya island in the river dnieper are less than 2.5 km from the property.
the hotel restaurant, la table de burdigala, serves savory gourmet meals.
there is 24-hour reception and you can find car rental services here.
a 3g usb internet adaptor can be used free of charge for wireless internet access.
some of the suites feature a spa bath.
sun loungers and umbrellas are provided at the sun terrace by the pool.
included in all units are a tv, sofa seating area and private balcony.
casapepe is situated a 9-minute walk from daehakno (university street), where dining, arts and entertainment options reside.
a mountain-view balcony, a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom are further features of the modern waldrand apartments.
guests can request for a massage or make use of the business centre’s facilities at the hotel.
xikai youth hostel is a 10-minute drive from tianjin railway station.
a mini-refrigerator and coffee maker are also included in each room.
each room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
guests at janna sur mer can relax at the private pool or the sun terrace beside the outdoor swimming pool.
bed linen and towels are provided for free.
dom studencki atol has a common tv room and a gym.
the rooms at royal inn hotel are fully air conditioned and well equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, comfortable beds and a seating area.
you can enjoy a cup of tea or coffee on your private terrace.
this accommodation features free wi-fi in all areas.
all apartments and villas have 3 bedrooms, a separate fully-furnished living room and a well-appointed kitchen.
free wi-fi is available throughout hotel.
there is also an air-conditioned function room and a tour desk, where guests can arrange horse riding and visits to local attractions.
some of the rent a flat apartments even have a balcony with sea views.
some shops and restaurants can be found within 200 metres.
all rooms feature views of the mountains or countryside, while others have a terrace, fireplace and seating area.
elize beach resort is located 8 km from kemer, 50 km from antalya and 65 km from the antalya airport.
there is also a kitchenette, equipped with an oven and microwave. a fridge and kettle are also provided.
the town’s scenic ocean-front promenade is a 5-minute walk from the property, while barra de navidad lagoon is 2 km away.
sr pradeep park is located in chennai, 2.7 km from chennai trade centre.
the accommodation will provide you with a living room equipped with a tv and sofas.
a bus, with links to agrigento, stops 300 metres from a chiazza.
in addition, vinci, leonardo da vinci’s hometown, is a 35-minute drive away.
the hotel provides car rental services while sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
air-conditioned rooms feature free wi-fi, cable tv and a coffee-maker.
located 5 km from muro, eden luca villa offers an outdoor pool, a garden, a terrace and barbecue facilities. can picafort beach is 20 minutes’ drive away.
wi-fi is free throughout contacto natural and airport shuttle services are available.
you can enjoy city view and river view from the room.
towels are available.
public transportation links are less than a 10-minute walk away.
the surrounding area is filled with restaurants and dining options.
free wireless internet is available in the bar and lounge.
apartment on internatsionalnaya offers accommodation in minsk, 100 metres from cathedral of saint virgin mary and 300 metres from holy spirit cathedral.
each studio comes with a flat-screen tv, a seating area and a desk.
the shared bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
it features a swimming pool, fitness centre, and a sauna.
the charming rooms of magnolia include wooden floors and furnishings.
a sweet breakfast is available on request, and guests have the opportunity to taste and buy the property’s cheese, salami, wine and oil.
the air-conditioned apartment offers a bathroom, and a fully equipped kitchenette with dining area.
maastricht is a 25-minute drive from hotel kreutzer.
the nežárka river is only 50 metres away and the spa town třeboň is 19 km from the property.
the nearest beach is 150 metres away.
after breakfast, you can have a walk to canal du midi, which is 900 metres away.
other facilities and services include indoor and outdoor swimming pool, 24-hour room service, an onsite beauty salon, and babysitting services.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the commercial area and bus terminal are 900 metres away.
the tidel park is 200 metres and the fun park is 3 km.
guests at star guest oneroomtel are free to use the communal terrace and the shared kitchen.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the air-conditioned rooms are elegantly decorated with iron beds, brocade bed covers and curtains. in-room amenities include plasma tv screens, safe and fridge.
novum house apartamenty is located in kraków’s old town, only 300 meters from the main market square.
the tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements.
the property offers private check-in and check-out and has a 24-hour reception.
the apartment is a 10-minute walk from barceloneta metro station.
the nearest airport is delhi international airport, 5 km from hotel delhi marine club c6 vasant kunj.
lower nimpkish river provincial park is 15 minutes’ drive away.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and oven.
guests can also make use of the barbecue facilities.
each air-conditioned room at pontus veteris has a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a private bathroom with bath and hairdryer.
guests use the private bathroom.
hotel quinta del sol has an on-site snack bar.
*it is 10 minutes’ walk from the pioneer river and 12 minutes’ drive from mackay airport.
all units are air conditioned and have a seating and dining area.
business travelers can access the business centre with a desk, printer and computer.
free private parking is possible on site.
ilhabela island centre, with bars, shops and restaurants, is 10 km from this property.
you will find a variety of restaurants and bars within a 5-minute walk.
this heated apartment includes a well-equipped kitchen with oven and stovetop.
it also comes with a balcony, a flat-screen tv, a wardrobe and a washing machine.
the bathroom is completed with free toiletries, a hairdryer and a bidet.
the nearest airport is gelendzhik airport, 48 km from the property.
ferienhaus annemarie is located 150 metres from the nearest ski lift in the ski amadé and next to cross-country ski slopes.
a shower or a bath/shower combination is available in each bathroom.
palace inn kingwood is located just off of highway 59.
located in old city centre, sofitel suzhou incorporates xuanmiao shopping plaza and is a 1-hour train ride from shanghai.
guests of inn la cuesta are greeted by a 24-hour reception and the hotel provides free afternoon coffee, tea and cookies.
country grange b&b is a 7-minute walk from wanglongbi and a 15-minute drive from yilan longtan lake.
linen and towels are provided.
the bathroom comes with a bathtub.
extras include an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
located in macau, 300 metres from lotus statue, sands macao hotel boasts an outdoor pool and spa centre.
each room also has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and a vending machine.
this country house is 6 km from marrakech-menara airport.
you can enjoy mountain and city views.
all the studios and apartments available feature air conditioning, a private bathroom, seating area with sofas, flat-screen cable tv and an equipped kitchenette.
this holiday park is 49 km from los angeles international airport.
guests can head to the 24-hour front desk for assistance with luggage storage, dry cleaning and concierge services.
riverside center dinner theatre is 18 minutes' drive away. forest greens golf club is less than 5 miles away.
guests at holiday inn saint louis can enjoy a grab-and-go breakfast each weekday or have a hot, cooked-to-order meal in kem’s restaurant for both breakfast and dinner.
some rooms have sea views or whirlpool baths.
the trendy 5th avenue, filled with restaurants and shops as well as wonderful beaches and water sports are minutes away.
you will find a shared kitchen at the property, where you can also prepare breakfast.
the mediterranean sea is a 15-minute drive away.
there is a children’s playground with a slide, and large lawns to run around on.
there is a shopping centre in 500 m, restaurant 200 m, bus stop 50 m, railway station"gornergrat" 500 m, underground station"metro sunnegga" 500 m, ski bus stop in 20 m.
the nearest town is käru, 6.6 km away.
overlooking peaceful views of the beach, drunken monkey bar serves sri lankan and western dishes with seafood specialties.
santos dumont airport and novo rio bus station are both within 11 km.
a 5-minute walk from the closest sandy beach in porto cesareo, casa della ghiandaia offers air-conditioned apartments with a flat-screen tv.
poor phil ́s restaurant, located on the first floor of the carleton, is serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms come with a wardrobe and a private bathroom with hot and cold water facilities.
there is a summer terrace for warm weather.
set in latsi port, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace with sea views.
a breakfast consisting of homemade cakes, sweet and savoury items is served daily.
there is a 24-hour front desk and private check-in and check-out.
common areas also include a bar well stocked with local and national wines, liquors and soft drinks.
alfama features several fado houses, where guests can watch a concert while enjoying portuguese tapas and wine.
peacefully located in sinaia within a 5-minute walk to the ski lift and the city centre, pension tv condor offers free wifi access in all areas.
gartenhotel & weingut pfeffel dürnstein offers free parking (also in a garage) and free internet access.
pensiunea leonardo is quietly located in bolotesi and surrounded by the vrancea hills, famous for their vineyards.
located in rio de janeiro, copacabana apartment offers a restaurant. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. the property is 700 metres from copacabana beach.
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a tv.
st. john’s international airport is a 15-minute drive away.
free on-site parking is provided.
the town of corfu is 12 km away.
it is a good base for exploring the bird sanctuary island of bock, the island of hiddensee, or rügen, germany’s largest island.
free parking is on site.
the property offers free parking.
landhotel kolb also has a restaurant with a summer terrace and a buffet area.
bicycle rental can be arranged.
it features a restaurant, spa and air-conditioned rooms with balconies.
hotel hecco organises bus tours and excursions to several nearby attractions, such as the pilgrimage site of međugorje and the city of mostar.
on-site car parking is provided.
this luxury athens hotel is ideally situated in the heart of athens.
apartments taci offers accommodation in different locations of bled’s city centre.
del bajio international airport is 80 km away.
private bathrooms come complete with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
every morning breakfast is served in the guesthouse.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
all come with a 37-inch flat-screen tv.
luggage storage is also available.
pousada porto canal is conveniently located for guests to enjoy water sports.
situated in rimouski city centre, this historic hotel offers on-site dining.
there is also an on-site mini-market and a bar with a dj.
the apartments feature a seating area, a dining table and mountain views.
after an eventful day you can load up your batteries in the spa oasis and enjoy the panoramic views.
malaya rossiya apartments also includes a terrace.
the hoch-ötz, seefeld and biberwier ski areas are within a 20-minute drive.
guests can enjoy a barbeque and outdoor dining area as well.
just a 20-minute walk from edinburgh’s historic centre, blossom house is only half a mile from holyrood park.
apartments at putikon hovi feature a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom with shower.
rho fiera milano is 5.4 km from the property. the nearest airport is linate airport, 20 km from the property.
all rooms come with a flat-screen tv.
relais san clemente features a games room with billiards and table tennis, plus all of the outdoor facilities.
within proximity, the area of the medieval venetian shipyards is ideal for a nice walk.
room service is available.
niriides studios is situated 38 km from the city of rethymnon and 40 km from heraklion.
villa verdemare is 450 metres from the local beaches of giardini naxos.
the manor house golf club is a 10-minute walk away.
rooms are bright and spacious and decorated in a classic alpine style.
there is also a spa centre where guests can enjoy professional beauty and relaxation treatments.
each room here will provide you with a patio and pay-per-view channels.
the comfortable rooms and suites are all uniquely decorated and have a deluxe bathroom with a bath.
free private parking is available on site.
all the rooms are air-conditioned and provide satellite tv and a seating area. each one comes with a fridge and an electric kettle.
offering a barbecue and a private beach area, sanatoriy belorusochka is situated in zhdanovichi, 4 km from minsk. sanatorium specialises in respiratory diseases, digestive tract disorders, diseases of the endocrine and musculoskeletal systems.
the unit is 1.8 km from helsinki bus terminal, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
it has a fully equipped kitchen, a balcony, and a bathroom.
extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
guests can prepare their meals in the villa’s fully equipped kitchen and enjoy its dining area.
each air-conditioned apartment at stanze del lago comes with a separate living room with lcd satellite tv and dvd player, as well as a sofa or sofa bed.
sarah guest house is located in chiang mai.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
roma in relax boasts views of the garden and is 2.6 km from sapienza university of rome.
you have free use of a washing machine.
free private parking is available on site.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
the classic-style rooms feature a wardrobe.
for meals, there are a lot of eateries located within walking distance.
the apartment comprises a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen cable tv.
the self-catering house features a seating area with sofas and tv. there is also a fully equipped kitchen stovetop, refrigerator and kitchenware.
a flat-screen cable tv, hot tub and bathtub are included.
the kitchen includes a dining area and it is equipped with a washing machine, dishwasher, oven and kettle.
exit 11 of the a28 motorway is 4.5 km away and dieppe and the english channel are reached by car in 45 minutes.
travelodge sacramento/rancho cordova is just 2 miles from mather air force base.
named after native american tribes, rooms at the smith & western evoke the old west with bedside lights in the shape of antlers or cowboy boots, and blankets inspired by native american designs.
rooms at ibis styles liverpool centre dale st have a bathroom, tea and coffee-making facilities, a desk and a flat-screen tv with freeview channels.
variety of restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk from all apartments.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and a shower.
it offers an outdoor pool and free wifi access in all public areas.
each room has views of the picturesque caucasus mountains.
albufeira marina is a 5-minute drive and the famous oura strip is 2.3 km away.
la tzoumaz village is situated on the bisse du saxon path, ideal for hiking and mountain biking.
guests are invited to use the residence’s fitness centre and there is also a hamman, sauna and spa.
for convenience, the hotel also offers a 24-hour business centre, meeting facilities and laundry services.
guests can enjoy a hearty sweet and savoury buffet breakfast at hotel fanes wellness & spa.
antik tatlidede konagi in mardin offers free wi-fi and air conditioning.
it features a lush rose garden and a terrace with mountain and garden views.
it features a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub.
totally surrounded by nature, camaratuba hotel fazenda is a farm stay located in mamamguape.
maid service is provided once in 4 days.
bridgetown is 3.4 km from the property.
treviso antonio canova airport is just 6 km away.
for added convenience, a microwave and fridge are also included.
a flat-screen satellite tv, work desk and bathroom with shower are standard at quality airport hotel gardermoen.
it features a 24-hour reception and free wi-fi access.
built in a traditional architectural style, the complex offers free parking.
each has a seating area with tv. a bathroom with a shower and a toilet are provided.
apartment in nin-zaton iv offers pet-friendly accommodation in zaton, 12 km from zadar and 44 km from novalja.
there is a shared bathroom available for guests.
each bright room has a balcony or terrace.
guests can make use of the fully-equipped kitchen, that comes with a dining table as well.
landgasthof am park is quietly situated in crottendorf.
a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 800 metres.
the property comes with a flat-screen tv and i-pod dockin the living room.
featuring wooden floors and contemporary furnishings, rooms feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a minibar and an electric kettle.
the complimentary breakfast is the best way to get off to a good start and the nicely appointed rooms invite you to completely relax after a successful day of doing business or sightseeing.
the tour includes access to the cloisters, roman wall, and the refectory.
the apartment has a spacious dining room and a kitchen with an oven. there are 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom with a bath tub.
the apartment is located on the second floor and features a bedroom, a spacious living room with a sofa and a table for four, as well as a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a shower cabin and a hairdryer, as well as a washing machine.
children will appreciate the playground with swings and a climbing stand.
with air conditioning and a balcony with mountain views, each room is equipped with a satellite flat-screen tv. the private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
breakfast is served every morning at les jardins d'aïka, and can be taken on the terrace in the garden.
wifi access is available in the apartment, free of charge for guests.
guests have access to a communal kitchen.
each villa is tastefully decorated and features warm lighting.
annally bed and breakfast is a 30-minute bus ride from central dublin, which is home to numerous high-street shops and traditional irish pubs.
the main bus and train station is 300 metres away.
the terrace offers views over a garden.
villa caprice is 60 km from the international airport simferopol and 50 km from simferopol train station.
they feature a flat-screen tv, fresh towels and free toiletries.
staff can arrange car rental and free private parking is provided on site.
a cd player is provided and the modern kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, a microwave and kitchenware. the apartment features parquet flooring, ironing facilities and a dining area.
there is also a bar.
the senales valley slopes of the merano 2000 ski area are about 3 km away. lagundo train station is 400 metres from the plonerhof.
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
the air-conditioned rooms at sercotel las torres feature parquet floors and simple, modern décor.
these rustic-style apartments come with 2 bathrooms, a flat-screen tv, and a kitchen with dishwasher.
a full welsh breakfast with pancakes, salmon, scrambled eggs and haddock is served every morning together with continental breakfast.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
the inn is a 15-minute walk from onsen-ji temple, and a 25-minute walk from the morning market.
the melbourne cricket ground and rod laver arena are both a 15-minute drive away.
guests can use the shared lounge on site and can enjoy breakfast in the dining room with terrace.
featuring a shower, the ensuite bathroom also comes with a bath.
the private yard and the terrace offer you the opportunity to relax and socialize, while complimentary coffee and tea are offered.
towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
a laundry service is available and the hotel has a games room.
other facilities at heinola holiday home include a terrace.
all of the rooms at hostel instanbul belgrade feature a clothes rack and a safety deposit box.
dishes are freshly prepared using locally sourced produce.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property.
a 10-minute walk from the centre of adelboden, hotel crea features an indoor pool and a sauna.
additional features include free wifi access throughout and free public parking on site.
terry hills golf course is 4 miles from the holiday inn.
this apartment offers two twin bedrooms.
located in kota kinabalu, dorcas service apartment (marina court) offers an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre.
opéra bastille is 1.8 km from appartement pour 2, while pompidou centre is 2.3 km from the property.
car rentals can also be arranged.
guests can purchase local cuisine and specialties at the on-site shop, and can rent bikes at an extra cost.
all rooms at hotel suisse have basic furnishings and come with a private bathroom with a shower.
a restaurant serving local and international dishes is 20 metres away.
the property is 500 metres from tamar, a turtle protection project. garcia d`avila castle ruins are 1 km away.
this apartment complex has an outdoor pool, surrounded by gardens.
all of the rooms have a private bathroom, satellite tv and free wi-fi.
bbq facilities are provided on site.
vilnius international airport is 8.8 km from green old town apartments.
in addition to its various shared-use hot-spring baths, the hotel has a red-water foot bath and 2 baths that can be reserved for private use.
free wifi is provided .
takachiho gorge is a 10-minute walk away, and takachiho shrine is 5-minute walk away from the property.
featuring rajasthani designs, the air-conditioned rooms come with cable tv, a minibar fridge, and tea/coffee making facilities.
the hotel offers an outdoor pool and provides free wi-fi in every room.
the restaurant features original stonework walls and wooden benches, and serves regional cuisine.
known for its beautiful diving and snorkeling spots, amed beach is just 5 minutes' walk from dillons bungalow and restaurant, while tulamben beach is within 15 minutes’ drive away. tirta gangga water palace and lempuyang temple are both reachable by a 30-minute car ride from the property.
private parking is available on site.
a grocery shop is 500 metres away.
reception at the goncharov hotel is open 24/7.
holiday home majgårdsvej dnmk is located in ebeltoft.
a continental breakfast is offered.
ahuzat ohalei shalom offers accommodation in umanʼ.
it offers free 2-way airport and port transfer.
a library and a ski deposit with a ski boot warmer are also available.
hotel mahakal ashray is located in ujjain, 100 metres from mahakaleshwar jyotirlinga.
several train stations such as kurskkiy, paveleckiy or leningradskiy are within 10 minutes’ drive away.
the guest rooms at the holiday inn express and suites merrimack include cable tv and a work desk.
free wi-fi and an en suite bathroom are included in all rooms.
shenyang taoxian international airport is about a 1-hour drive away.
a rich hot/cold breakfast buffet is provided each morning in the breakfast room. this includes fresh bread from the bakery and freshly prepared egg dishes.
here a good selection of local wines is available.
the tastefully designed rooms are modern with a touch of traditional charm.
guests can enjoy a cocktail in the bar whilst taking in views of the atlas mountains.
palace jasmine is 15 km from trivandrum international airport.
there is a flat-screen tv, microwave and refrigerator in every unit.
it is located 7 km from the nearest beach and 8 km from the old town of rovinj.
it offers free parking and free wi-fi internet access.
each unit come equipped with a flat-screen cable tv and contains a private bathroom.
jay villa also includes a sun terrace.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
it lies within a short walk from restaurants, shops and bars.
free private parking is available on site.
texas memorial stadium is a 10-minute drive away.
on-site leisure activities also include bowling, billiards, a children’s playground and a night club.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant with a variety of cuisines and room service.
free on-site parking is provided.
sierra de grazalema nature reserve is 10 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
the warmest beaches of algarve, including tavira island and barril beach are accessible via ferry boat through tavira.
some rooms have views of the pool or garden.
the algarve home features a rooftop terrace with a hot tub and sweeping views over the lagos bay.
all units come with a furnished balcony or terrace.
the seattle marriott airport features 3 restaurants.
local and western dishes are prepared at the resort’s restaurant.
it offers free wifi access.
this resort has the exclusive tuanis teen centre where teenage guests will find flat-screen tv, dvd player, video games, computers with free internet and ipod docking stations.
all bedrooms feature an extra-large double bed, and the bathrooms come with a bath, shower, hairdryer, and free toiletries.
the property offers free parking and winter and summer passes for buses and discounts for ski passes.
an oven, a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
the buda castle, the hungarian national museum and the budapest history museum are located within 5 km.
berghoteltirol also has a children’s playroom and a billiard table.
morelia is 45 minutes’ drive away.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, family apartments central park is situated in baku, 600 metres from fountain square.
central lodge is located in the blackpool centre district in blackpool, 100 metres from coral island.
this modern hostel includes dormitories for 4, 6, 8, or 12 people, as well as a twin room.
guests can benefit from facilities such as a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage and free parking options.
karersee is 15 minutes' drive away.
located in san miguel de allende, condominios el caracol offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi and a view of the city.
a flat-screen tv with sky channels is also available.
the property is located 200 m from the water and you can enjoy a view of the sea from this home.
apartment jolly offers free parking.
madatech museum is 600 metres from carmel apartments.
the apartments come with a balcony and a bathroom with a shower.
wi-fi is free in public areas.
breakfast is buffet style at palazzo del capitano relais & wellness.
city lodge has a 24-hour reception for your convenience.
the main railway station is located 2.3 km away, while the main bus station is 3 km from the nest city apartments.
karlstad city centre is a 1-hour drive from by hagfors.
overlooking the moray firth with its pod of dolphins, the 4-star sunny brae hotel offers luxurious rooms and stunning views.
the kitchen is equipped with a stove and microwave. the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
a tv is available.
the property offers free parking.
the house includes a living area with satellite tv, a fully equipped kitchenette and a private bathroom with a shower.
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport, 14 km from karlsson house.
next to the coast, in downtown puerto montt, hotel colon offers accommodation with views of seno de reloncavi and its surroundings.
taksim square and metro station are just 200 metres from corner living space offering easy access to other sites in the cit.
the attached bathroom comes with shower facility, towels and slippers.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv.
each one is air conditioned and features a fridge and private bathroom.
they are all equipped with a fan, while the kitchen comes with a fridge and stove.
it offers air-conditioned accommodation with a flat-screen tv and balcony.
a 32-inch flat-screen tv is included in each room at gretna inn. all air-conditioned rooms feature a microwave and a refrigerator.
kloster.
tobu shinagawa hotel is a 35-minute train ride from asakusa area and a 20-minute train ride from shibuya station.
dogs are welcome to stay in the rooms.
room service is available.
located in a residential area just 3 km from fréjus city centre and 1 km from motorway a8, les 3 chênes is a family-run hotel well-situated for discovering the coast and popular provençal areas.
each unit at filaretu includes unique design inspired by 19th century.
best western hospitality hotel & suites features a microwave and refrigerator in every guest room. rooms also provide satellite tv and a coffee maker.
the next bus station is 800 metres away and the putna waterfall is 7.5 km away.
every room has a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
this holiday home is 78 km from billund airport.
at holiday home sivkrogen skjern xii there is a sauna, there are bbq facilities and a terrace.
the university of economics is 1.4 km from the hotel. prague airport is 15 km away.
massages are available on request.
cadiz is 42 km from the property, while the beaches of the costa de la luz are 30 km away.
the nearest golf course is 17 km away in villaviciosa.
porto velho airport is 6.3 km away.
recreational choices include swimming in the outdoor pool or indulging in a body massage.
you can also easily reach the dramatic coastline and fantastic beaches of this northern region, just 20 minutes away.
it features free wi-fi throughout, an outdoor swimming pool, a terrace and a ping pong table.
at morska sreshta guest house you will find a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
enjoying a seafront position and a private beach area, apartments iva is set 7 km from the old town of kotor. free wi-fi and air-conditioned accommodation are provided, aw well as free private parking.
the building features many sea-view terraces, one also offering a hot tub.
the chalet also provides free wi-fi internet access in the public areas, disability access and a ski locker.
some rooms feature views of the sea or mountain.
shuttle services can be arranged for an extra fee.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are provided.
the villa is comprised of 23 elegant rooms, equipped with all modern comforts.
casa di nina is 2 km from avignon and the papal palace, and 4 km from the train station.
extra linen and apartment servicing are available on request for longer stays.
two bathrooms are provided, one with a shower, the other with a bath, while a hairdryer and washing machine are also available.
the hotel has private and shared facilities.
the accommodation will provide guests with a flat-screen tv, a dvd player and a minibar.
vienna hotel (dongguan houjie dadao branch) has a 24-hour front desk, offering also luggage storage.
located in la cadière-d’azur, villa kamila offers an outdoor pool and an indoor pool. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
the property offers free parking.
guests of the crescent can relax on one of the deckchairs located on the beach.
the property is a 20-minute walk from the basilica san paolo metro, which links to the colosseum in 4 stops.
at pasionaria hostal you will also find a shared kitchen facilities, meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
you can play a game of pool, table tennis or foosball in the games room.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher.
the classic marble bathrooms come with bath or shower and toiletries.
guests can relax in the sauna or enjoy a game of billiards.
air conditioning is included and every room offers ironing facilities and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
it offers free wifi, a mediterranean-style garden, a sauna area and a heated outdoor pool.
free wifi access is available.
odessa opera and ballet theatre and odessa port can be reached in just a 5-minute drive from the apartments.
the en suite bathroom has free toiletries.
free wi-fi is available in all areas.
free wi-fi access is provided and each room has a private bathroom.
the seminyak square shopping mall is 1.4 km from zenrooms seminyak mertanadi, while ku de ta is 1.7 km from the property.
overlooking salina bay, qawra palace hotel has its own indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
you can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for skiing.
the hotel st.
café nordurfjördur is a 2-minute drive away.
the church of sagrada familia is 2 km from best in bcn .
the a22 motorway exit, affi-lago di garda sud, is 1.5 km away.
baked goods can be delivered to your apartment by placing an order with reception the evening before.
guests at best western garner are offered a business center and laundry facilities.
the red rock canyon national conservation area is 23-miles away.
the castle is 1 km from the property and the historical centre can be reached on foot within 2 minutes.
burgas airport is reachable within 25 km.
a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
free wifi access is available throughout this holiday home.
new athos monastery is located 6 km from the property and soukhoumi is 22 km away.
rooms provide a tv, a telephone, a wardrobe and a minibar.
each room includes a flat-screen tv, a minibar and a work space.
this hotel provides guest suites with free wi-fi and a flat-screen cable tv.
shinjuku train station is a 15-minute train ride away from the nearest jr mitaka station.
only 500 metres away you can find a restaurant on the beach, which is accessible via a pedestrian path.
all have a private bathroom, desk and wooden floors.
rainbow magicland theme park can be reached by car in just 30 minutes, and rome city centre is 80 km away.
free public parking is available on site at the apartment.
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave, kettle and a coffee machine.
guests can prepare meals in the kitchen, which includes an oven and ceramic hob.
located few steps from the renovated part of the city, known as new tbilisi, where you can find many cafés, restaurants, bars and coffee shops in a traffic-free environment, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi and a terrace. guests benefit from balcony and a sun terrace.
set in the heart of zagreb, studio citizen zagreb is located just steps away from the main square and the ilica shopping street.
kelowna international airport is 49 km from the property.
the property offers free parking.
grand bleu ocean view pool suite is 4 km away from jungceylon department store.
some rooms have a private bathroom.
all units feature a kitchen and a bathroom with shower and a washing machine.
featuring island cuisine, the full service restaurant at volcano house serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the property has free wifi access and a spacious garden.
each room here is built around a private garden and will provide you with a cable tv, air conditioning and a patio.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the villa is a detached holiday home is set in pacific palisades and is 29 km from los angeles. the air-conditioned unit is 7 km from santa monica.
during the summer you can relax at the outdoor pool while enjoying drinks and snacks.
other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
sheremetyevo international airport is 25 km away.
there is a private bathroom and two flat-screen tvs.
there are also many eateries with local and international cuisine at sultanahmet area.
air-conditioned rooms include a satellite tv and a balcony.
the hotel is 1.6 km from wangfujing street, 2.1 km from guijie street and 2.2 km from nan luo gu xiang.
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
offering a balcony with a view of the sava river and belgrade, home away from home apartment is located in the city centre and provides air-conditioned accommodation with free wifi access.
a small library with german and italian books is also available. free private parking is possible on site.
each villa at the resort is equipped with an air conditioning, a cable tv and a private balcony.
the bed and breakfast is 4.8 km from saint-rémy-lès-chevreuse.
guests can enjoy a wide variety of cuisines in the mall food's court.
all bright rooms come with air conditioning, free wired internet and a tv.
there is a living room with tv equipped with cable channels and a dvd player.
there is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher and oven. a refrigerator and coffee machine are also available.
free wi-fi is available in public areas and private parking is possible on site.
there are garden and mountain views from the accommodation.
halle/leipzig airport is 48 km away.
la bonte park is 5 minutes’ drive from the best western laramie inn and suites.
genoa is a 40-minute drive away, along the a10 autostrada dei fiori motorway.
ibiza airport is approximately 6 km away.
new world millennium hong kong hotel is located by the victoria harbour waterfront in the lively district of tsimshatsui east.
all room are heated and include bed linen.
free wifi access is available.
located within 15 minutes’ walk from mar bella beaches in barcelona, in poblenou district, apartment lope de vega offers free wifi.
tranum beach is an 8-minute drive from the holiday house.
every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
all rooms have flat-screen tv and high-speed wifi internet access.
ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing.
the restaurant at solbacka offers a set 2-course dinner at 19:00 each evening.
the ka’anapali shores suite #103 offers pool side towel exchange, free scuba lessons and a sunset hula show on wednesdays.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
the property has a shared lounge area, as well as a garden and terrace.
free-to-use barbecue facilities are at guests' disposal.
a ski bus stop is right outside.
guests receive a ticket for free use of all public transport in lausanne.
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
hotel sahara beach is located in akhfennir, 20 km from sahara.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, cappadocia symbol hotel uçhisar offers accommodation in uchisar, 900 metres from uc hisar castle .
osw sportowiec is located 100 metres from the nearest ski lift.
free internet access and free parking are available.
the nearest airport is chania international airport, 38 km from ariadni click&flat perivolia.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily including sweet pastries, cheeses and hot drinks.
the building, which has benefited from a full refurbishment conducted on may 2015, is 26 km from jorge chavez international airport.
every room comes with a private bathroom. for your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
seelodge piburg offers guests a spa area that features a sauna, relaxation area, hot tub, flat-screen tv and access to a balcony.
porto letizia residence has direct access to porlezza centre, 5 minutes' walk away via a footbridge.
it features a daily continental breakfast, a 24-hour front desk and free wi-fi.
they include a flat-screen tv with cable channels, a laptop safe box and a minibar.
some have a porch.
other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning and laundry facilities.
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
there is a boat rental facility 900 metres from the property.
the hotel has 2 restaurants that offer panoramic views and international cuisine, and a snack bar that provides a variety of salads and snacks.
the living room has a dining area, sofas and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player.
the old town and the leaving point for walks in the tavignano valley are a 5-minute walk away.
free parking is available nearby.
the goethe houses a small sauna with a lounge area to unwind.
a bus stopping right in front of it offers direct service to the local hospital and train station.
massages can be organized on site.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, apartments mont is located in budva, just 10-minute walk from the sandy slovenska beach. budva old town can be reached in 1.9 km and mogren beach is 2.1 km away from the property.
a washing machine and tumble dryer are provided. this fort myers lake mcgregor townhouse also offers ironing facilities.
set on the banks of the tiber river, bdb luxury rooms san pietro is in a prestigious residential neighbourhood of rome.
shuttle service can be arranged at an additional cost and dubrovnik airport is 23 km away.
other facilities at apartament zakopane include a sauna.
domarudden friluftsgård offers bedroom accommodation set over a collection of cottages on the hostel site.
offering a sauna, garden and à la carte restaurant, inaoska ecospa is located 4 km from chicamocha river and 11 km from nobsa town centre.
this holiday park is 31 km from varna airport.
the michelin recommended oaks restaurant offers a fine dining menu of both classic cumbrian and modern british cuisine, made with local produce.
ataturk airport is 15 km from the property.
staff at the 24-hour front desk can attend to guests’ requests.
a buffet breakfast is prepared daily and includes sweet and savoury products.
located in the centre of skopje only 100 metres from the skopje fair and 500 metres from the international bus station, vip hotel well-appointed rooms with free wireless internet access.
various shops, bars and restaurants, as well as the royal st kitts golf course, are within a 5-minute drive of the property.
featuring free wifi, taoyuan business offers neatly arranged guestrooms.
free private parking is also available.
it offers comfortable and practical rooms with private showers, flat-screen tv with satellite channels and free wi-fi internet access.
santos dumont airport is 4.5 km away.
boasting simple décor and furnishing, accommodation is provided in shared dormitories or private rooms.
free wifi is available throughout.
situated in rome’s buzzing trastevere neighbourhood, the relais star is 1.5 km from the piramide metro station.
a breakfast buffet is served at the dining room.
guests can make sightseeing arrangements at the tour desk, while those who prefer to stay in can enjoy a quiet read in the hotel’s library, indulge in a pampering in-room massage or check email in the business centre.
free on-site parking is available, and many scenic walks can be taken in the surrounding area.
the bathroom comes with a bath and a shower.
wi-fi and parking are free.
rooms at linda hotel have simple decorations and all come with air conditioning, hard wood flooring and a balcony.
there also is a designated barbecue area on site.
casa rural abadía is a set in a peaceful area in sequeros.
guests can enjoy meals at the on-site restaurant.
they all feature carpeted floors and a seating area.
located just off route 30 and less than 10 miles from downtown lancaster, this inn features an outdoor pool.
inmodelpas canigou apartments and studios feature a lounge area with sofa bed and tv and a kitchen equipped with microwave, coffee maker and toaster.
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and a hairdryer, while free toiletries are also at guests’ disposal.
asprovalta town is a 12-minute drive away.
certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
the on-site restaurant serves variety of meals.
baglio locoforte has a spacious courtyard furnished with umbrellas, sun loungers and tables, and surrounded by olive and citrus groves.
the shopping, dining and entertainment of central augusta are 30 minutes’ drive away.
beijing capital international airport is a 1-hour drive away.
modern touches include widescreen tvs with 24 satellite channels, a minibar and air conditioning.
free toiletries and a hairdryer are included in each en suite bathroom.
the area has a number of hiking and cycling routes, and the rosarito reservoir with its numerous bird species, is just 6 km away.
the beaches of the costa de la luz are 30 km away and you can drive to cadiz in an hour.
blue danube linz airport is 11 km from the property.
it offers spacious accommodation with a private balcony overlooking the sea.
pattimura airport is 70 minutes’ drive away.
the olympic stadium is 6 km away from hotel travelodge.
sundsvall central station is 1.6 km from the hostel.
a sweet breakfast buffet is offered daily, but on request this can be savoury.
the open floor plan features a dining area, living room with tv, and bathroom with bathtub.
towels and bed linen are featured.
the property offers free parking.
the mondial hotel is located perpignan city centre, a 10-minute walk from the train station.
the spacious, open-plan living-dining area has a flat-screen tv, and the kitchen comes with an oven, ceramic hob and coffee maker.
guests at the detroit metro airport wyndham garden can easily explore all of the surrounding areas, including the attractions of nearby downtown detroit.
the sibiu airport is only 2km away and you can easily reach the centre by public bus, which stops just 200 metres from the guest house.
the botanical garden is just 400 metres away, whilst the avis dam reservoir is 4 km away.
a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided in this chalet.
the bank of america stadium, home to the carolina panthers football team, is 5.4 km from the motel 6 charlotte nc.
the house has a beautiful setting with the brecon mountain railway running close by, and the taff fechan reservoir, less than 10 minutes’ walk away, offering spectacular views of the mountains.
other facilities at guesthouse hamina include a sauna.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
the property is 26 km from klaipėda and boasts views of the garden.
set in córdoba's jewish quarter, 200 metres from cordoba mosque, apartamentos patio cordobes features a terrace and city views. cordoba synagogue is 400 metres away.
la piscine art and science museum is a 18-minute drive away.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
activities in the surrounding area include mini golf.
wireless internet access is available free of charge.
the hermitage and palace square are within a 5-minute drive.
guest house zolotaya rybka is located in olginka, 48 km from lazarevskoye and 18 km from tuapse.
meals are served buffet style or à-la-carte.
the nearest airport is kuala lumpur international airport, 88 km from the property.
la salina hotel borgo di mare overlooks the lighthouse and the small lingua lake, which is a halting ground for migratory birds such pink flamingos.
all rooms are elegant and modern, with air conditioning and an lcd tv.
ataturk international airport is 18 km from the property.
an italian-style breakfast is provided daily at the antiche volte.
the two private bathrooms come with showers.
limited public parking spaces are available nearby.
located in moscow, апартаменты куркино offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi. providing free private parking, the apartment is 10 km from otkrytiye arena - spartak stadium.
all feature a kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker.
a terrace with outdoor fireplace is at guests’ disposal.
sils apartment is a self-catering accommodation with a hot tub located in zaandam, only 800 m from the main train station. the property is 400 m from zaantheater and 500 m from p+r provincialeweg.
featuring a national park, dajti mountain is 12 km from eklips hotel, while tirana city centre can be reached in 3.2 km.
a bathtub and toiletries are in the en suite bathroom.
located in induruwa, this villa is 29 km from hikkaduwa.
traverse city state park is 1 mile away and music house museum is 5 miles from the hotel.
shared kitchen facilities and a garden are also offered.
bathrooms and toilets are shared.
vodka brevery hotel dates back to 1909 and offers elegant rooms with free wi-fi, as well as a hot tub and a sauna to relax in.
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
guests can spend days lounging on the sun loungers by the pool.
patriko in molos village features a garden, and an outdoor pool with a children's area. free wifi access is available in all areas.
staff offer free transfer to the beach.
a wide variety of bars and restaurants is located within a 5-minute walk.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
rooms near the sea is set in odessa, 7 km from odessa theatre of opera and ballet. odessa archaeological museum is 7 km from the property.
the spectacular snowdonia national park is 45 minutes from wollaston lodge.
free wifi access is available in common areas and a daily breakfast is served by courtesy of the hotel.
extras include a work area.
the feixiang park subway station (line 2) is about 10 minutes' walk away.
the on-site sauna and private parking are available for free.
guests can organise sightseeing trips at the tour desk.
beauty treatments are available.
free on-site parking is available.
all rooms have a flat-screen tv.
a flat-screen cable tv is provided in each guest room at the pet-friendly holiday inn express & suites truth or consequences.
offering a complimentary continental breakfast and uniquely decorated rooms, the egremont village inn is located in south egremont, massachusetts.
you can play billiards at the hotel.
hôtel le paris brest is situated in the centre of lens, directly opposite lens train station.
the obelisk is 1.2 km away.
the units at paradise found have a balcony or patio with magnificent lagoon views. they are equipped with satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven. a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured.
there is an à la carte restaurant, buffet breakfast and 24-hour room service.
hadrian's gate is 2.2 km from elips royal hotel & spa. antalya airport is 14 km from the property.
a washing machine, dishwasher and flat-screen tv are also provided.
spread over 2 floors, there are 3 double bedrooms, 1 twin bedroom and 1 double sofa bed.
surrounded by mountains in a peaceful highland area, alphabet is cosy family-owned accommodation.
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
dining options include an à la carte restaurant equipped with wooden dining tables and chairs.
laundry services can be arranged upon request.
it operates a 24-hour front desk and features an outdoor pool.
free public parking is provided nearby.
you will find a fully-equipped kitchen with high-end appliances, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
the bathroom includes a bidet and free toiletries.
the reception is also open around the clock and breakfast is served from 06:00.
suites have a separate living room and a minibar.
the accommodation units come with shared bathroom and toilet facilities, which are located on the corridor.
guests can also enjoy barbecue evenings at the hotel during the summer months.
the residence provides homely rooms fitted with modern furnishings and warm lighting.
towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
the hotel facilities include sauna, turkish bath.
private bathrooms are equipped with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
free wifi access is available in this farm stay.
free wifi is available throughout and there is free on-site parking for guests with a vehicle.
located in loutraki, noble inn offers spacious and fully equipped accommodation with large verandas and a lovely furnished garden. free wifi is available throughout.
there is good disabled access, with a lift from the car park to rooms.
rooms at pension godenhof are colourfully decorated and furnished with rich wooden wall panelling.
set 100 metres from michalska tower and 500 metres from bratislava castle, apartment michael ́s gate offers pet-friendly accommodation in bratislava. the unit is 900 metres from ufo observation deck.
all units include a seating and dining area.
just 30 metres from the black sandy beach of kamari, captain yannis offers self-catering accommodation with a balcony enjoying views of the aegean sea or the mountains.
with an indoor swimming pool, in-room microwaves and refrigerators and an on-site restaurant, every stay at the portland airport hilton garden is sure to be pleasant.
garda is 3 km away.
located along bentota river, just 350 metres away from moragalla beach with free shuttle services to the beach, this small property features well-appointed rooms and free wi-fi access at all areas.
novalja is 8 km away, while the popular party destination zrće is 10 km from mala villa.
the bedrooms at au bois des tilleuls have a private bathroom with a shower and a large mirror.
with a private bathroom, the air-conditioned rooms have parquet floors.
a microwave, refrigerator and cable tv are included in each room. suites are equipped with a full kitchen and seating area.
holiday home vinkelbæk nordborg xi also offers a sauna, a whirlpool and a children's playground.
the spa area features an indoor and an outdoor pool, saunas, and a fitness centre, and on request and at a surcharge, massages and beauty treatments are available.
set next to the vltava river and in the lesser town district, apartmán janáčkovo is located in prague and a 10-minute walk away from charles bridge.
kazan state university is 1.7 km from hostel 1001 noch' na karima, while peter and paul cathedral is 1.9 km away.
guests enjoy free wi-fi access at all areas.
the hotel provides car rentals, dry cleaning, and laundry services.
free private parking is available in the premises.
zadar airport is located 6 km from the property.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and oven, and the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a washing machine.
igea marina train station is 150 metres from the villa rossi.
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and oven.
free private parking is available on site.
guests can savour fresh coffee in the lobby or sit down for a simple breakfast or dinner at the bistro.
the property also offers free parking.
guadalajara international airport is 20 minutes’ drive.
the hotel also has a fitness room with a sauna.
a savoury breakfast can be requested and comes at an extra charge.
this very spacious and bright three-bedroom apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a seating area.
towels and bed linen are featured at hearteide.
a well equipped gym is available and the coffee shop serves light snacks and refreshments.
located 1 km from the historic centre of giardini naxos, b&b al comitato looks onto a local fishing pier.
the main train station is an 11-minute ride away.
guests can enjoy a home cooked meal at the dining table in the dining area.
hotel estelar de la feria is located very close to the corferias show rooms, the american embassy and bogota’s shopping district.
there are horse and pony riding tours. you can also rent a bike or a horse for a ride to explore the beautiful surroundings.
a choice of restaurants and shops are located in the surrounding streets.
located in conchas do mar area, 150 metres from concha beach, this pousada offers accommodation with balcony.
cable tv is featured in all rooms at regency inn and suites.
it features a fully equipped unit with free wifi and mediterranean sea views.
satellite tv is provided.
accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning.
located on the second floor, this apartment includes a seating area and a tv with cable channels.
tropical fruits, cereals and breads are served on the breakfast buffet in the hotel’s restaurant, as well as tea, coffee and juices.
the hotel has a free wifi throughout the property and guests can make use of the onsite private parking upon availability.
they all have en suite bathrooms equipped with free toiletries.
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a terrace.
some rooms offer mountain views and garden views.
rooms at casa del maestro y previsión social filial mendoza capital feature a fan, heating, a wardrobe and a private bathroom. bed linens and towels are included.
the nearest airport is avignon-provence airport, 65 km from hotel galilee.
bed linen is provided.
the accommodation features a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
the restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner and offers room service to guests and happy hour specials.
there are many hiking paths near the weyer here in the ahr valley.
the property's kitchen is fitted with an oven, a stove top, a dishwasher and tea and coffee making facilities.
located in fiumicino, andrea features self-catering accommodation with a modern décor and a private garden. the closest beach is 400 metres away.
there is also a 99 sushi bar & restaurant.
the guest rooms have tea/coffee facilities, a minibar and non-allergenic pillows and duvets.
they also come with a private furnished patio and a flat-screen tv.
bacău is 38 km from hotel complex havana, while lepşa is 37 km away.
you can enjoy relaxing in the lounge room with a game of chess and an international library.
a bus station can be found 50 metres from the hotel, while split airport, in kaštele, is 5 km away.
the balcony opens to scenic mountain views.
they are simply decorated and provide basic bed linen.
chillout cengo hostel is 500 metres from taksim square, where you can take the metro to access other popular sites such as hagia sofia and blue mosque.
olot and la garrotxa volcanic zone are within 30 minutes’ drive of the janpere.
a washing machine can be used by all guests in the apartment house.
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen tv and a private bathroom.
the siete lagos scenic lake circuit is found 14 km away.
st petersburg-clearwater airport is 23 km from the property.
located just 250 metres from naples's piazza plebiscito, well come santa lucia offers elegant accommodation with antique furnishings in an 18th century building.
set in ouled driss, riad les jardins de bounou offers a 2-hectares agriculture farm with a rooftop terrace and furnished terraces, a garden and tour desk.
złoty róg restaurant serves traditional polish cuisine with a modern approach.
airport shuttle and diving packages can be arranged upon request.
this holiday home is 68 km from billund airport.
fortune landmark hotel is located 5 km from ahmedabad station.
all apartments comprise cable tv, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower.
set in the scenic mecklenburg lake district, this guest house is situated 300 metres from the schwarzer see lake.
it offers modern individually decorated rooms with views over the village or courtyard.
situated in batumi, this air-conditioned apartment features free wifi. featuring free private parking, the apartment is 300 metres from aquapark batumi.
the beautiful gion and shijo area is a 10-minute drive away, while tou-ji temple and kyoto terrsa is a 10-minute walk away.
columbia gorge discovery center is 5 miles away.
the letňany metro station (line c) can be reached in a 12-minute bus drive.
louis armstrong airport is 89 km away.
each uniquely decorated room at the hotel is equipped with a private bathroom.
bangla road is 300 metres from smile inn patong, while jungceylon shopping center is 500 metres away.
enjoy a cup of coffee from your terrace or balcony. each room has a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
bühl train station is 7 km away, and there is a bus stop directly in front of the guest house.strasbourg international airport just 70 km away from the property and stuttgart airport is 73 km away.
laundry and dry cleaning services are available, as well as fax and photocopying facilities.
a 10-minute walk from montecatini centro station, il camino is a colourful two-bedroom apartment set in a villa with garden and small outdoor pool. montecatini's park of thermae is 250 metres from the apartment.
situated in prague, tesla apartments is 300 metres from prague national museum.
počitniška hiška is located in bohinj, only 6 km from lake bohinj.
offering a restaurant, hotel belarus is located in navapolatsk.
albufeira is just a 12 km away and their guests will find the pescadores beach, the oura beach, the old town and the marina.
the university clinic is just 100 metres from the property, and pamplona planetarium is 150 metres away.
some have views over the sea.
the nearest airport is phuket international airport, 36 km from villa rawai.
the great barrier island ferry terminal is 35 minutes' drive away.
supermarkets and restaurants can be found within walking distance and the brevent ski lift if 1 km from the apartment.
nevsky prospekt with its variety of restaurants and shops is a 6-minute walk from the hostel.
lübeck and kiel can be reached within 40 minutes by train or car.
the guest house also offers car hire.
sarandë ferry port with links to corfu is 1 km away, while sarandë bus station is in the town centre, within a 10-minute walk.
the multi-cuisine restaurants serve a variety of northern and southern indian, as well as chinese and european dishes.
the chepe train station is 6 km away, while the jípago thermal springs are 15 km away.
the nearest airport is paphos international airport, 52 km from amazing room limassol.
vichy train station is 1.2 km away.
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
las americas international airport is a 25-minute drive away.
leisure options at hotel k5 levi include a solarium and gym.
a barbecue area and laundry facilities are available on site.
private parking is possible on site, also for free.
offering an outdoor pool and a bar, andy's gardens is a 5-minute drive from the centre of platanias resort.
a number of seaside restaurants is available within walking distance for other meals.
guests can easily walk to connecticut avenue or the vietnam memorial.
the versace mansion, lummus park and a variety of recreational activities are only minutes away.
juan santamaría international airport is located 70 km away.
lappeenranta airport is located 52 km away.
all en suite rooms are air-conditioned and offer free wi-fi.
guests can relax in the swimming pool, hot tub or on the terrace.
you can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and cycling.
a safety deposit box and tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
it offers a terrace with sea views, guestrooms with a balcony and free wifi throughout the premises.
the highlight of soggiorno annamaria is its remarkable ambiance.
guests benefit from terrace.
apartamentos plaza mayor are situated 400 metres from llanes beach and the town’s train station.
it is 38 km away from vigla ski centre.
the centre of mallnitz is only a 5-minute walk away from hotel-pension edelweiss.
the property offers free parking.
featuring a 2000 m2 wooded and landscaped park, maison martelli offers self-catering accommodation in corbara.
on-site at the holiday inn arlington at ballston, guests can enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool, working out in the fitness centre or browsing for souvenirs in the gift shop.
restaurants, bars and shops can be found a 15-minute drive away.
they have laundry facilities and an en suite bathroom with a shower and hairdryer.
hidden valley lake golf course is within a 25-minute drive of the motel.
les délices de lavoûte offers accommodation in lavoûte-sur-loire.
meeting facilities are also available.
there is a fully equipped kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals and an outdoor terrace where guests can relax after exploring the region.
set in barcelona’s balmes district, barcelona stay is located 400 metres from sant gervasi metro station, with connection to plaça catalunya.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi. bikes are available free of charge.
units at the vroni have 1 or 2 bathrooms, free wi-fi, a seating area and satellite tv.
it offers modern rooms with free wifi, 2 restaurants and free parking.
each house has a living room with a rustic fireplace, dining table, and tv.
the hotel also offers car hire.
this holiday house is located by damstederne nature reserve, just 5 minutes’ walk from the sand-covered church.
the apartments feature a balcony, sofa and washing machine.
léonard de vinci university centre is from is 850 metres from résidence pythagore grande arche.
it features its own lift right next to the hotel.
the villa offers 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 living rooms, a library and kitchen.
the medieval manor house of haddon hall is only 8 miles away, and is surrounded by elizabethan gardens.
bed linen and towels are included.
a shuttle service for a fee is available.
featuring mountain views and an outdoor pool, la alvarada is located in jabuguillo, in huelva.
seaview apartment is a 15-minute walk from zhanqiao pier.
it will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a terrace and a seating area. there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
guests can also visit the antique theatre of bodrum or bodrum castle, within 6 km.
the r1 highway is 400 metres from the hotel and the kinepolis event centre is a 3-minute walk away.
there are loungers and a barbecue on the poolside terrace.
the 2-bedroom apartment has a living room with armchairs and tv, as well as air conditioning.
in addition to standard amenities, some rooms feature microwaves and refrigerators.
the catamaran hotel resort is 4 miles from seaworld.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv. some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day. the rooms include a private bathroom.
only 15 minutes' drive from margate, and a 20-minute drive from canterbury.
each one has a private bathroom.
free wifi is available.
some rooms have a private patio.
the whole hotel (and one of the rooms) is accessible for guests in wheelchairs.
reception desk staff are available 24/7.
numerous restaurants serving freshly prepared mediterranean cuisine can be reached on foot from remisens premium villa amalia.
royal view hotel provides two-way transfers to lao cai bus station at an extra charge.
many restaurants and cafés are within a 5-minute walk of the veksel.
the rooms come with tiled floors, private bathroom and tv.
a full kitchen provides an oven, stove, microwave, refrigerator, and coffee maker. a dining table with chairs is available.
apartments in diplomat also includes an outdoor pool.
a flat-screen tv and a patio come with each room the bridge inn – bridgehampton. guestrooms also feature a private entrance, a microwave and a refrigerator.
arena shopping centre is 1.6 km away.
featuring a furnished rooftop terrace, welcome hostel is a 5-minute walk from peniche’s beaches.
surrounded by landscaped gardens, kavalla forest villas is a complex of 2-level villas with a fully equipped kitchen set around a swimming pool with sun terrace.
the gasthaus rogge offers comfortable rooms, with modern amenities, including air conditioning and free wireless internet access.
falls of the ohio state park is less than 5 miles away.
the unterbrunn hotel also features an à la carte restaurant serving italian cuisine.
the jewish ghetto is 5 minutes’ walk away.
the in-house chandragupt restaurant serves a delectable spread of indian and rajasthani cuisine.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
roman holidays house marconi is a two-bedroom apartment with free wifi, situated in rome. this apartment is a 10-minute walk from trastevere train station.
excursions to discover the area can be organised, with an extra cost.
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached by foot and free wifi access is provided in the accommodation.
furnished with a desk and a wardrobe, each room also comes with a minibar. a balcony is available in some rooms, while a private bathroom with free toiletries are included in all rooms.
towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
on site you will also find: an outdoor heated pool, sauna, whirlpool, welcome reception, laundry, car park and bike parking.
a washing machine and dryer can be used for an additional charge.
all units feature a flat-screen tv.
the nearest airport is kempegowda international airport, 31 km from the property.
within walking distance, guests can reach the centre and harbour of kemer.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
the hotel is within a 5-minute walk from traditional restaurants serving local ouzo.
at villa valentin you will find barbecue facilities.
some units have a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
guests can take advantage of the free weekday newspapers and fax and copying services which are both located in the lobby.
offering panoramic sea-views, holiday home chery is located in riva ligure, a few steps from the nearest beach.
each includes free wi-fi, air conditioning and a private marble bathroom.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
the leidse square entertainment area is just 700 metres away on foot. rijksmuseum and van gogh museum are only 900 metres away.
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage.
each includes a tv and a kitchenette with hobs, fridge and coffee machine.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
guests can also visit the leon troski museum which is 700 metres away, or the popular viveros park which is around the same distance.
towels and bed linen are available at old town apartment theo.
holiday inn express williamsburg provides guests with a free hot breakfast buffet every morning.
the city of durban and its beachfront, just 14 km away, offers a number of restaurants, shops and entertainment.
the nearest bus stop is 100 metres away for buses to falconara marittima and numana.
guest services include a concierge service, car rental and laundry.the apartments can make arrangements for a massage or airport transfer.
lisbon’s city centre is 45 minutes by car and has historical areas such as chiado, bairro alto and alfama for guests to visit.
activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and horse riding.
located 600 metres from national academic big opera and ballet theatre, apartment sweethome 2 offers accommodation in minsk. the apartment is 1.2 km from holy spirit cathedral.
from late may to mid-october, the ötztal premium card is included in the rate.
you can find a wide variety of bars, restaurants and shops within a 5-minute walk of apartamentos good stay madrid prado.
park boutique b&b is located next to the obrechtstraat tram stop, which offers direct links to dam square and amsterdam central station.
the apartments all have a private entrance from a yard, a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a bath or a shower and towels.
every suite at the albany townplace is equipped with a work desk and separate living room.
providing free wifi throughout the property, beijing guochuang hotel also offers free private parking.
it offers classically decorated rooms, just a 10-minute walk from the coliseum and domus aurea.
portland international jetport airport is 63 km away.
some rooms have bathtubs and can accommodate up to 4 guests.
guests have access to the shared kitchen, dining area and computer area.
simply furnished, the accommodation will provide you with cable tv and night tables with lamps.
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher, microwave and refrigerator.
they have access to shared bathroom facilities.
a tour desk and library are also available.
free wi-fi access is available.
the nearest airport is dubai international airport, 11 km from la ville hotel & suites city walk dubai, autograph collection.
on-site barbecue facilities are available for guests to cook out on.
some apartments feature a balcony.
other facilities offered include a tour desk and a laundry service upon surcharge.
breakfast is available upon request, while "soup of the day" is complimentary.
located in the heart of jaipur, hotel ruby is a 10-minute walk from the central bus stand.
a children’s play area offers outdoor recreation.
simferopol airport is 49 km away.
set in a refurbished antique house, hotel city bell offers accommodations with free wifi access in city bell. the property is comprised of a lovely garden, a shared lounge and an on site bar.
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport, 17 km from opera hostel budapest.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, b&b la villetta offers pet-friendly accommodation in dolceacqua, 33 km from nice.
it offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning.
set near the centre of ajaccio and the airport, the eden roc hotel welcomes you in a unique site overlooking the sea and the famous sanguinaires islands.
la suite west is near vibrant queensway with its shopping, colourful cafés and traditional english pubs.
towels and bed linen are provided.
guests can relax in the free sun loungers by the swimming pool with a drink from the bar.
the amar mahal museum is 1.5 km away, while the aquarium is 4.5 km from the hotel. vaishno devi, katra is 40 km from hotel meridian palace jammu.
free wifi is available.
not only is the location very tranquil, but you can unwind in the heated indoor pool, sauna and turkish baths.
a 3-minute walk from sanur beach, each modern balinese villa comes with a private pool.
sanya chanyue xidao inn features free wifi throughout the property.
galeão international airport is set 18 km from the property.
there are 2 free parking spaces.
offering a terrace and views of the garden, the mansion 1907 is situated in mysore, 1.2 km from mysore palace.
it is a 10-minute walk from place de la concorde and the tuileries gardens and a 20-minute walk from the eiffel tower.
free wifi is featured.
air-conditioned dormitories and private rooms are available at just inn.
la niña is set in four attractive buildings from the early 20th century. their colourful façades and architecture are typical of sitges.
boasting a balcony, air-conditioned rooms at palmas feature a plasma tv with cable channels, minibar and microwave.
kingfisher bamboo garden features free wifi throughout the property.
offering free wi-fi, renovated residenza san maurizio is set in the very heart of venice.
hejlsminde beach is just 200 metres away, while legoland amusement park is a 1-hour drive from the property.
the management team behind sky dream villa offers guests a variety of services to ensure that guests enjoy a comfortable stay. everything from personal groceries, laundry, massages, cooking and advice for things to do on samui island are available.
the resort houses a restaurant where guests can enjoy a tasty selection of local and continental dishes.
a complimentary van service is offered to airport plaza shopping centre and to the long island railroad station.
a buffet breakfast is served in a spacious lounge room and at the garden.
children can have fun at the playground while their parents enjoy a book at the library.
these condominiums are located right in the center of the charming rocky mountain town of canmore.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning.
guests also enjoy the convenience of a 24-hour reception.
matahari terbit beach is 3.7 km from mahalaksmi boutique hotel, while serangan turtle island is 5 km from the property.
the front desk, which is open 24 hours, can organise laundry and dry cleaning services.
hot drinks are also available at the lobby.
the windows have mosquito nets and the bathroom is complete with hairdryer and free toiletries.
the next restaurant can be found 150 metres from the apart garni, while the next grocery shop is 900 metres away.
offering a restaurant, ji hotel xianggang middle road qingdao is located in qingdao.
they include a kitchenette equipped with an electric kettle, mini fridge and coffee maker.
with a balcony offering mountain views, the air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen tv, minibar and safety deposit box.
most have a balcony.
air conditioning, an lcd tv with satellite and cable channels and a minibar are included in every room.
at holiday home musvågevej ic you will find a sauna, a hot tub and bbq facilities.
admiralty building is 2.5 km from guest house on 15-ya liniya vo, while saint isaac's cathedral is 2.5 km away.
guests can also find a jewellery shop and the largest conference centre in cyclades.
these spacious, fully-equipped villas feature gardens and a private outdoor swimming pool. they are situated in a quiet residential neighbourhood in son bou, 2 km from the beach.
each non-smoking room is decorated in an oriental theme.
tbilisi international airport is 28 km away.
tram stop is just steps away.
alternatively, they can go for a massage or visit the business centre.
the petzen ski resort lies 25 km from the house, while the beautiful bathing lake, wörthersee, is approximately 30 km away. völkermarkt, where guests can find a public outdoor pool, is within 5 km.
featuring a bespoke floating staircase, this duplex penthouse at kenilworth house has 2 bedrooms, and can accommodate 2 extra guests in a sofa bed.
the nearest restaurant and grocery stores are reachable within 100 metres from the vlasta guest house.
surrounded by the owner’s vineyards, surrau turismo rurale is located in the north of sardinia, 5 km from arzachena centre.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar. free private parking is available on site.
from pousada do capitão plaza, guests can enjoy walks to ilhabela, deserted beaches, trails and waterfalls.
it features lots of home-grown produce including fresh fruit, cold cuts and homemade cakes and marmalades.
just a 15-minute walk from rosa beach, pousada capitão cook offers free wi-fi, an outdoor swimming pool and a daily breakfast. located 300 metres from rosa centre, restaurants, bars and shops are situated nearby.
free private parking is available on site.
a 5-minute walk away is designer boutique and hip restaurants including ku dé ta, living room and hu’u bar.
a bakery, a butcher and the nearest restaurant can be reached on foot in 5 minutes and a supermarket is a 12-minute walk away.
the daily breakfast buffet includes champagne.
other amenities offered include meeting facilities, a ticket service and a tour desk.
daily maid service is provided.
bars and restaurants, and other leisure options such as mini mundo park, rita bier and fantástica fabrica are within 600 metres of pousada do lago.
alushta is 19 km from usadba magnoliia.
hotel staff will assist you with tourist and travel information.
wi-fi is available at an additional cost.
poole farm guests can enjoy scenic walks or cycle rides along the surrounding lanes and river banks.
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
it offers öresund strait views and a communal kitchen.
free toiletries are provided in the en suite bathroom.
each 2-storey apartment is comfortably furnished and air conditioned.
tea/coffee making facilities and a fridge are also provided.
at the lodge at lake laberge you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
situated in the foothills of montgo nature reserve, finca bodawa features a private pool and a number of outdoor seating areas.
from the property, the popular tower bridge and tower of london are 2.3 miles away and cambridge heath train station is a 5-minute walk to the north.
the apartment has a fully equipped kitchenette and the haus gruber offers a bun service for surcharge.
a 24-hour front desk will be happy to assist guests with luggage storage as well as free parking facilities.
bournemouth airport is 6 km away.
the property features an indoor swimming pool and an on-site restaurant with both chinese and western cuisines.
free private parking is possible on site.
it is a 10-minute walk from campo pequeno, a famed bullfighting ring where concerts are also held regularly.
breakfast and lunch are buffet style, while dinner can be buffet or à la carte.
free bicycle rental is also available.
each will provide you with a seating area, and most come with private bathrooms.
a transfer can also be requested in advance.
overlooking scenic mount merapi and sianok canyon, parai mountain resort - bukittinggi offers budget accommodation with free wi-fi.
offering quick connections to the berlin's main sights, charlottenburg s-bahn train station is just 450 metres away.
phuket international airport can be reached within a 1-hour drive from the residence.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling, diving and cycling.
certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
apartments at papa luna 3000 have 1 or 2 double bedrooms and a double sofa bed, as well as a private terrace.
located in madeira park, this bed and breakfast is just 20 minutes’ drive from halfmoon bay.
the spacious rooms all have a private bathroom with free toiletries.
tasmaria features a pool bar serving drinks, snacks and cocktails.
guests can request a homemade meal on site.
located 700 metres from the beach at son bou, poppys offers traditional spanish villas and apartments with terraces and sea views. the property features a seasonal outdoor pool set in a garden.
dolce la hulpe combines a quiet forest setting with luxurious spa facilities.
villa urbajs apartments provides guests with a lush garden with barbecue equipment, outdoor furniture and sun loungers.
there is free shuttle service and shops at the property.
leisure options include a children’s playground, billiards and table tennis.
vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, and dairy-free alternatives are also available with prior request.
it offers modern design accommodation and extensive wellness including an indoor pool and sauna facilities.
this bright, self-catering accommodation features free wifi and satellite tv.
a wood-burning fireplace and a large 2 car garage are featured at this holiday home.
it offers wine tasting in the private wine cellar.
various local eateries and seafood dining options can be found close by.
a 5-minute walk from awaodori kaikan museum and the bizan ropeway, alpha hotel offers rooms with an lcd tv, a private bath and free wired internet.
guests can prepare their meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
free private parking is also possible on site.
free wi-fi access is available in public areas.
an iron, ironing board, coffee-tea-facilities and desk.
overlooking the ocean, the bar serves a wide variety of cocktails and snacks.
for entertainment, a karaoke room is available from 6pm-1am.
every room at the hotel-pension strolz comes equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower.
the hotel offers en suite accommodation with free wi-fi and lift access.
rooms at the angela have a tv. they are decorated with dark wood or iron furnishings and warm colours.
ataturk airport is 21 km away.
the kitchen is equipped with stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, oven, blender, wine fridge, barbecue and kitchenware.
located in the centre of sarajevo, just 100 metres from the lively baščaršija, hostel city center sarajevo offers air-conditioned accommodation with free wi-fi access. the property offers free-to-use computers in the lounge and a free guided tour of sarajevo's old town.
towels and bed linen are featured.
sesimbra is 45 km from fragateira, while setúbal is 46 km away.
private parking is available on site.
apartament al jerozolimskie offers accommodation in warsaw.
each apartment features a bathroom with a shower.
located in smolensk, krasinsky apartment offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi.
in the restaurant you can an excellent cuisine with natural, organic products, as well as a wide selection of wines, some of which come from the hotel’s own vineyard.
free monitored parking is provided on site.
seahaus fuerte offers 1 double bedroom and 1 twin bedroom.
the room and the holiday home have a tv, electric kettle and linen and towels.
the property also offers packed lunches.
guests can visit the onsite garden.
the hotel is a 10-minute drive to chiang mai university and central kad suan kaew.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 8 km from the property.
certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
perugia is only a 35-minute drive away and this farm stay is 76 km from ancona falconara airport.
homemade cakes and pastries are served at breakfast.
it offers en suite rooms with a tv and canal+ channels, a restaurant and 24-hour reception desk.
the centre of drage village is within a 2-minute walk.
each air-conditioned room is uniquely decorated and includes a refrigerator, a coffee machine and an electric kettle.
rooms at the hotel rustico cerro del valle have traditional argentinean décor and red brickwork walls.
some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
a hairdryer and a bath are provided in the bathroom.
you will have access to shared bathroom facilities.
this new delhi jugaad hostel is 1.1 km from northeast from hauz khas district park and deer park.
located in sharm el sheikh, sharm bride apartments offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre. this self-catering accommodation features free wifi in public areas.
guests can start their day with a continental breakfast served daily at the dining area.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
gillette-campbell county airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
with easy access to the m1 highway, 4living guesthouse offers a manicured garden with outdoor pool.
it features a sauna and an indoor pool.
enjoy free wi-fi internet access.
it offers tennis and squash courts and a luxury spa with sauna and hammam.
the fully-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine is available, as well.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 7 km from top floor hostel.
they also include a lounge with a flat-screen tv, a dining area, and a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge and toaster.
a refrigerator and cable tv are provided in each brightly coloured guest room.
the 1-bedroom apartments feature a living room with a sofa bed, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
this studio apartment offers a private terrace.
with a balcony and free wifi, casa express fiera milano is an air-conditioned apartment in milan. it is 5 minutes' walk from lotto fiera metro station, offering links to rho fiera and to milan cathedral.
a flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom is offered in every uniquely decorated guest room.
free wi-fi access is available.
meeting rooms and business services are also provided.
there is a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
units are equipped with a tv and telephone.
room service offers indian cuisine.
guests have access to a kitchen with fridge, microwave and free tea.
a mini-fridge, tv and fan are included and linens are provided.
featuring a balcony, all units have a seating and dining area.
traditional cuisine made with the farm’s products can be prepared for dinner.
it consists of homemade pastries, bread and jams, orange juice, cheese and eggs.
stresa is 18 km from la casa nel parco, while the switzerland border is 67 km from the property.
the kitchenette has a dishwasher.
freshly baked croissants, cold cuts and cheeses feature at breakfast, along with yoghurt and fruit.
yemelyanovo international airport is 33 km away.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv, cd player and a private bathroom.
pranee bungalow’s beachfront restaurant serves fresh seafood, thai specialities and european cuisine.
varde city centre is located 25 km from the resort.
tangier ibn battouta airport is located 63 km from the property.
free wifi access, housekeeping service and laundry facilities are available.
located in peaceful surroundings, 1.5 km from the centre of pula, villa bellina offers a green garden with a spacious terrace and a hot tub.
all apartments have kitchens, equipped with a fridge, an oven and hob, and a microwave.
offering a restaurant, quinta de marrocos is located in peso da régua.
the apartment is 4.4 km from playa de la victoria.
breakfast is served every morning at kemer cave house.
the guest rooms at the bluenose lodge and victorian inn are decorated in different colors and each boasts hardwood floors.
free private parking and a garden are available on site.
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and a children's playground. the property offers free parking.
private parking is available on site.
the hotel has a beauty salon and various shops on-site.
tbilisi international airport is 15 km from lions hotel.
this 19th-century house offers 2 suites with modern art décor and free wi-fi.
select rooms include a small refrigerator and microwave.
offering a mountain and garden view, the rooms come with satellite tv and a dvd player.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
free public parking is possible nearby and granada airport is within 11 kilometres.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
all apartments are surrounded by restaurants and shops.
private garage parking is available and a shuttle service is available to the beach.
there is a fully equipped kitchen, including an electric cooker, a microwave, a freezer box and a refrigerator.
3-star hotel kazimierz iii is situated in the kazimierz jewish district, 650 metres from the planty park surrounding the old town and 700 metres from wawel royal castle.
da peppe’s restaurant specialises in typical sicilian cuisine.
apartament z widokiem na morze vi is located within a 10-minute walk from the centre of gdynia.
lisbon international airport is 7 km away, and both rossio train and metro station can be reached in less than 5 minutes’ walking.
elegantly furnished, classical-style rooms with free wi-fi and flat-screen tvs are offered at classic.
ataturk international airport is 20 km away.
the dallas/ft. worth international airport is 20 minutes away.
apartments diagonal mar is set in a new modern district of barcelona, only 5 minutes of foot from fòrum conference centre and a 15-minute walk from the beach.
rooms at ponnatree come with hardwood furnishings and have large windows that offer plenty of natural light.
kerem apart hotel offers an outdoor pool.
hakone elegance is a 10-minute walk from the oshiba bus station.
you can also order breakfast which will be delivered to the apartment.
rooms are rustic, with a nice touch of colour and local décor.
costa village provides round-the-clock security.
each room has a flat-screen tv, a refrigerator and bathrobes.
offering an outdoor pool, barbecue and terrace, villa ronnaduwa is set in ambalangoda, 7 km from hikkaduwa.
located close to warm lake pressegg and the nassfeld ski area, our guests can enjoy many sports and leisure activities near the hotel, from the summer toboggan run and the fun park to rafting, nordic walking, mountain biking and climbing.
the modern, air-conditioned apartments offer free wi-fi.
the surrounding countryside is ideal for outdoor activities such as hiking.
a tour desk can help with sightseeing and travel arrangements.
hôtel koutoubia is located in the heart of the medina of chefchaouen and features a traditional moroccan design.
you can visit the castle and the many medieval churches, like the monastery of certosa di pavia, 10 minutes' drive away.
free on-site parking is available for cars, trucks, and buses at bay city regency inn.
hanoi elegance sapphire hotel enjoys a great location in hanoi’s old quarter, within a 10-minute walk from hoan kiem lake and ngoc son temple.
within 500 metres, you will find an array of taverns, the port and the beach, as well as buses and the taxi rank.
all rooms have heating and garden views.
a spa bath features in select rooms.
an en suite bathroom is also provided.
some rooms include a spa bath with mineral water.
within 0.8 km shops can be found and restaurants within 1.5 km.
guests at the property can take advantage of a ping pong table.
the comfortable rooms at hotel rehavital all have satellite tv, minibars and seating areas.
it offers a panoramic swimming pool on a large terrace facing the sea with free sun loungers and umbrellas.
fully furnished apartments with private balconies and views of the hills can be enjoyed in santiago.
it offers free wi-fi and serves a certified greek breakfast in the garden.
located in the historical centre of lisbon, se vintage apartment offers an accommodation with comfort and character in a late 18th century building.
locanda delle vallette is 1 km from ostellato’s centre. bologna is 70 km away.
kayaks, canoes, rowboats and pedal boats are available for hire at cottages du lac orford.
tokyo shinkansen (bullet train) station is a 20-minute ride from the property, as well.
the vaclav havel prague airport is located 12 km away.
it is set in a building once belonging to galileo's family.
guests can find a local restaurant located across from the hostel.
the property offers free parking.
unwind in the comfortable surroundings of the lounge bar before heading to the carvery or grill for dinner.
free private parking is available on site.
belongings can be stored in the personal safe.
old town square is 2 km from apartment jim, while prague astronomical clock is 2 km from the property.
located under 15 minutes’ drive away, sanxenxo is a popular seaside resort.
kazan arena is 10 km from usadba liesnoy dvor, while soyembika tower is 13 km away.
the studio offers free wi-fi access and is serviced by a lift.
free wired high-speed internet access is available.
guests can also enjoy a game of billiard and table tennis, and relax while fishing in the resort pond and horseback riding in the 5-hectare complex. sauna is offered for a surcharge and bike rental is also available.
downtown chicago, including the magnificent mile and navy pier, are a 10-mile drive away.
it is 200 metres from grand place tram station.
each room has a seating area and en suite bathroom with hot shower facilities.
a hot breakfast buffet is served at the lake placid holiday inn express each morning.
each apartment will provide you with a living are with tv. there is a kitchen with microwave oven and coffee machine.
breakfast includes local products and homemade jams and cakes.
bed linen is available.
aylesbury town centre and go ape! adventure park can be reached in 10 minutes by car.
a restaurant serving local specialities is 300 metres from the property.
located on a beachfront with views of the sea, villa wilali features a private outdoor pool set amidst the spacious garden.
sanskriti paying guest house is located just 400 metres from the spiritual assi ghat and 700 metres from the sacred sri sankata mochan hanuman temple.
noen city is located in ulan-ude, 1 bus stop from city centre.
in-room food delivery is also available.
guests can also prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchens.
all rooms offer a flat-screen tv.
the hotel has a gym and sauna.
situated in alleppey, 500 metres from nehru trophy boat race, indiavacationz houseboats features air-conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property.
châtelet metro station is 1 minute away.
the property offers luggage storage as well as free parking.
las lajas is 39 km away.
they include a private bathroom with a spa bath, free toiletries, slippers, and hairdryer.
a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
duval street is a 1-minute walk away, and key west butterfly and nature conservatory is 3 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
the room also offers a safety-deposit box and a view of the pool. rooms are soundproof.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the winslow elegance hotel is situated in the popular winter resort of bansko at the foothills of the pirin mountains, only a 10-15 minutes' walk from the main lift station.
warszawa centralna train station is 1.5 km away and warsaw’s beautiful old town is 1.7 km from the apartment.
on the other side of the park, you will find the hanover zoo.
it offers accommodation with free wi-fi and private parking.
burgas airport is 30 km away.
at archontiko soulioti you will find a garden, a bar and a snack bar.
this lodge also features a lively games room and a library.
the golfclub föhrenwald golf course is a 10-minute drive away and within a 30-minute drive, lake neusiedl and the semmering ski area can be reached.
this self-catering accommodation features free wifi.
apartment karla marksa 16/1 also includes a fitness centre. guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant, followed by a drink at the bar.
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
at the cour maison residence, you will find a large garden, furnished with tables and chairs.
there is also a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as barbecue facilities.
san simeon apartments is set in a central area of venice, just 650 metres from saint mark’s square.
hostel simplemente mendoza is 1 km from the bus terminal and 1.5 km from o ́higgins park.
bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for snorkeling.
chez passoud’s restaurant serves traditional local dishes and specialities.
each accommodation includes a fully equipped kitchen and a flat-screen tv.
there also is a fireplace lounge, where they can relax with a glass of wine.
sunrise select garden beach resort also features 2 pubs and 4 bars, including a pool bar and a beach bar.
a supermarket is at the distance of 1 km, as well as an indoor and outdoor swimming pool. a bus- and a train station are reachable in 200 metres and 1 km respectively.
a continental breakfast is available as well as a bar and a restaurant with traditional cuisine.
you will find free shuttle service, a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's and shops at the property.
ripley's believe it or not! museum and royal garden plaza is both 600 metres away.
a variety of massages and beauty treatments are available.
the on-site restaurant serves traditional local cuisine and bars and grocery shops can be found within walking distance.
there are many fantastic hiking routes in the mountains around can marquesi.
all en suite, rooms at the sirene include a safe, flat-screen tv and minibar.
the outer banks inn offers a free transfer service to the beach, located less than 5 minutes’ drive away.
the centre of funchal has various local restaurants available, along with bars and cafés.
they also have a private balcony.
the property has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
the quinta da foz includes a spacious common living room with sofas, tv and board games.
rooms at beach haven resort provide a patio and a seating area.
marmaris thursday market is 1 km from med sea gulet.
each air-conditioned room features a fan, tv, fridge and seating area. shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
rooms are equipped with a private external bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with free toiletries and a hairdryer provided.
the hotel boasts a privileged location from which to discover the city and its museums, the sandy beach and beach bars.
opéra bastille is 700 metres from the hotel and the île saint-louis is 1.3 km away.
traditional mexican cuisine is on offer in the zahra’s restaurant, which overlooks tulum beach.
free wifi is available.
most units offer a balcony, and some are additionally equipped with a private kitchenette.
located 350 metres from the blue-flagged beach, tatil apart hotel is centrally located in akyaka, right next to azmak creek.
it is a 1-hour drive away from amiens.
staff at the tour desk can help guests with sightseeing tours as well as bicycle rental and shuttle services.
each room includes a tv. every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
the etna regional park is 30 km from le case di seba.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is featured. other facilities at peyia valley apartment include a sauna.
limenas port is within 12 km of the property.
guests can enjoy daily vip treats in their room, a daily newspaper and bathrobes and slippers.
nikola tesla airport is located 14 km away.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
breakfast is served every morning with homemade jams, garden-picked vegetables and freshly baked breads.
other facilities offered include barbecue facilities, a stylish guest lounge and large terrace overlooking the pool.
scandinavian-style rooms come with a seating area and a coffee machine.
a variety of dining options are available within 50 metres of the property, with a grocery shop just 100 metres away.
guests have access to a shared lounge, ticket service and tour desk.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
the restaurant shares a terrace with the hotel's café.
samui airport is located 9 km away.
it offers spacious suites with lounge, private terrace and hydromassage shower and a comfortable public living room.
each room has basic self-catering facilities such as a mini-fridge, microwave and small dining area.
just a 5-minute drive from jomo kenyatta international airport and offering a free airport shuttle service, nairobi airport hotel features a 24-hour font desk and free private parking.
guest’s can also enjoy a relaxing drink or a game of billiards in the cosy bar.
safety deposit service is available at jj residence.
the renovated premises have been privately owned since 1996, maintaining the refined design which is reminiscent of a country manor.
the bella orquidea villas feature 1 or 2 bedrooms, a modern bathroom, free wi-fi and a fully equipped kitchen.
surrounded by the tuscan countryside, agriturismo la disperata is 2 km from the centre of san quirico d’orcia.
guests can request to use the meeting/banquet facilities, or make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
shuttle services are offered with an extra charge.
the hotel is close to pazo trade and exhibition centre and the ángel carro stadium, and it is situated on the n-540.
its cosy library provides dvd rentals, while thai massage can be enjoyed at the spa.
guests of saint cloud country inn & suites can enjoy the on-site hot tub and fitness room.
bedrooms at the bella vista hotel & self catering suites feature a satellite lcd hdtv and tea/coffee-making facilities.
located just 300 metres from ao nang bay, this hotel in krabi offers a spa, a sauna and massage rooms. free wifi and free private parking are available.
the nearest skate-park is 2 km away.
situated in podstrana, 150 metres from the beach, villa palmas offers apartments with impressive views of the adriatic sea.
guests can relax in the 2 hectare garden or on the open terrace.
the property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of sri lankan food.
bed & breakfast arth am see offers accommodation units with free wi-fi, just 20 metres from the shore of lake zug.
amicitia hotel sneek is a luxurious 4-star hotel on the outskirts of sneek.
the hotel has a bar and a regional-style restaurant and with a good selection of wines.
guests can enjoy alsatian specialities in the on-site restaurant or grab a quick bite to eat in the snack bar.
housed in 3 different buildings, the guest house offers private parking and a sun terrace.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
the private bathrooms include either a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
a range of thai and western, as well as seafood restaurants are within a 5-minute walk from the property.
set in rawai beach, apartments @ the title by lofty features a garden, outdoor pool, and year-round outdoor pool. nai harn beach is 1.9 km away.
bed linen and towels are provided.
located in the man-mad island, palm jumeraih, mystaygroup - al dabas offers free wifi in all areas.
a buffet breakfast is served daily and includes french pastries, bread, cheese and ham.
just 2 blocks from macroplaza square in monterrey’s historic centre, hotel royalty offers an outdoor pool, free parking and a business centre.
celebration golf club is 5 minutes' drive away from the holiday home.
breakfast is available each morning in the main hotel building, a 10-minute walk from the landhaus warndtwald dependance.
the danube delta is a natural reserve where you can go fishing, bird watching, take boat rides or simply unwind surrounded by nature.
the jacuzzi, the solarium and massages are available at additional costs.
a tv is featured.
each room has a flat-screen tv. a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
la merced main square is just 600 metres from the hostel and malagueta beach can be reached on foot in 20 minutes.
the landscape invites guests to long walks.
it features an outdoor pool, a terrace and views of the surrounding mountains.
each unit comes with a tv with cable channels, a living area with a sofa and a well-equipped kitchenette.
anjani restaurant serves western and indonesian dishes at the hotel.
it offers modern guestrooms with free wired internet access and free wi-fi.
rooms at hotel vasco feature functional décor, cable tv and a fan.
each apartment features 1 free garage parking space.
they are all hypoallergenic and come with parquet floors, air conditioning and free wi-fi.
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and bathrobe.
special diet meals can also be prepared upon request.
a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats are offered, as well as tea, coffee and cold drinks.
the hotel reception is located in the pocket & bok bookshop.
free wifi and free private parking are provided.
the neatly decorated studio apartment with tiled floors provides a flat-screen cable tv, air conditioning, fan, desk, wardrobe and private bathroom.there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave and utensils.
the closest coffee shop is a 3-minute walk away.
free wifi is offered.
you will find a kettle in the room. each room has a private bathroom.
there is a private bathroom with a shower.
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower, bathrobes, and free toiletries.
it offers free wi-fi in the entire property and is a 20-minute drive from malioboro street's art shops and popular shopping spots.
spa facilities include a sauna, a steam bath, an infrared cabin, and a relaxation room.
the guest house has an outdoor pool and views of the pool, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
bed linen is provided.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
l'auberge fleurie provides 3-star accommodation 10 km from joly park.
lockable bicycle parking is also available.
dinner is served strictly at 18:00 (winter) or 18:30 (summer), and reservations absolutely must be made at time of booking (not accepted later).
mount rainier national park is 60 miles southeast of the inn.
laundry facilities and meeting rooms are also available.
with good access to the a-1 motorway, this modern hotel is located in alcobendas, just 10 minutes’ drive from barajas airport.
the hostel is 20 metres from botafogo metro station, 7.5 km from santos dumont airport and 10 km from maracanã stadium.
harem hotel is only 200 metres from the sea with an outdoor pool, sauna and a traditional turkish bath. it offers stunning views of the bosphorus and the historical maiden’s tower from its rooms and terrace.
istria montparnasse is a colonial-style hotel located in the centre of paris, 1 km from montparnasse tower and jardin de luxembourg, and near the latin quarter. istria montparnasse is just 100 metres from raspail metro station, making it easy to discover all of paris’s attractions.
all rooms come with a personal computer.
breakfast is provided daily buffet style.
each room comes with satellite tv, a minibar and a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a tub.
other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a tour desk and luggage storage.
some rooms also offer a 4-poster bed with bed curtains.
situated in the town of mcdonough, 30 minutes from atlanta city centre, this hotel offers a variety of free amenities as well as comfortable guestrooms with microwaves and mini-refrigerators.
providing free internet and parking, stylish f hotel provides individually designed rooms with flat-screen tvs and free minibar refreshments.
fenals beach is 1.6 km from rovira de dalt apartment, while santa clotilde gardens is 2.1 km from the property.
some of the rooms also include a flat-screen tv.
maraveja’s rooms have a warm atmosphere and are fitted with country-style furnishings.
most have a balcony.
camping eleovic has a fitness centre and laundry facilities.
pescara and abruzzo airport are less than a 30-minute drive away.
there is a pedestrian path along the river for runners and cyclists.
the nearest airport is siem reap - angkor international airport, 5 km from the property.
a designated dining area is available.
the donaldsonville museum is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
gran hotel isabel riquelme has a 24-hour front desk, complete with a tour desk and currency exchange.
the apartments are within 5 minutes’ walk of several bars, restaurants and shops, and barceloneta market is 100 metres away.
villa ylenia is 32 km from quartu sant’elena.
all rooms include private en suite bathrooms and terrace access.
guests can relax on the terrace, enjoy a barbecue, or dine on local and mediterranean cuisine at the green grove's restaurant.
breakfast is served every morning.
additional facilities at the cleotel include a bar and a living room with board games.
at lion sea hotel, guests can request for luggage storage, laundry services and barbecue facilities.
the main market square is within 2.5 km. krakow - balice airport is 12 km away.
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the hotel is welcoming and comfortable and the owners do their best to guarantee guests a pleasant and comfortable stay.
soma palmshore resort is situated less than 1 km from nightlife options in kovalam.
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room.
blue mosque is 500 metres from apartment on mesrop mashtots ave.15, while history museum of armenia is 600 metres from the property.
forio town centre is 1.5 km from the property.
it features a swimming pool and barbecue.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
the town of chiclana is about 15 km from cádiz, and about 3 km from the a-48 motorway.
each apartment has a seating area and cable tv.
all of them comprise a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or a shower, as well as a hairdryer.
't alems stalhuys is a self-catering accommodation located in alem, 11 km from den bosch.
extra facilities include a washing machine and iron.
guests can enjoy local dishes at the restaurants located around the property.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including fishing and hiking.
dorms have individual reading lights and lockers, while private rooms offer landscape views.
each functional green hill apartment offers a living area with cable tv, a telephone and ironing facilities.
the house offers a garden with terrace and barbecue facilities.
the property offers free parking on site.
with simple décor, every room in hotel santo antônio has air conditioning and a work desk.
situated in zakopane, this apartment is 700 metres from szymoszkowa ski lift. the unit is 2.4 km from gubalowka mountain, and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site.
baosting garden views, all rooms here are provided with a flat-screen satellite tv, air conditioning and a refrigerator.
guests of the rancho cordova hampton inn can work out in the gym or relax in the indoor pool and jacuzzi.
some rooms also have an air conditioning.
rider resort is a 5-minute drive to pasarn golf course and a 10-minute drive to paradise park shopping mall.
the kitchenette includes a microwave, a fridge and a toaster.
fitted with tiled flooring, air-conditioned rooms are furnished with a wardrobe, desk, a cable tv and seating area.
villa del balbianello can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
anapa town centre is 5 km away from the property, and nemo dolphinarium is within a 10-minute walk.
rest and relaxation can be enjoyed in tropenhaus bansin's sauna.
drivers can make free use of the ana apartments’ private parking spaces.
select rooms have a kitchenette equipped with a stove top.
pula airport is at a distance of 8 km, and shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
situated in the heart of asturias, the hotel 's location is ideal for those who enjoy the great outdoors or those who just want to get away from it all.
there is a living space with a sofa bed for 2, flat-screen satellite tv, cd player, and dining table, while the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, electric kettle, microwave, and coffee machine.
the property features a garden with bbq facilities and free wifi in public areas.
gasthof kahnwirt is set in its own gardens, equipped with deck chairs, tables and benches, ping pong table and children's playground.
all rooms at city express junior cancún feature a modern décor. each includes cable tv and a private bathroom with shower.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and free private parking on site.
every room is equipped with a flat-screen tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
olympos ancient city is 2.5 km from this pet friendly property.
the house includes a tv and a balcony.
guests can enjoy the on-site snack bar. free private parking is available on site.
it offers a country-house design, 2 restaurants, and good road links.
luggage storage is offered, as well as a laundry and dry cleaning service.
guests can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere in the open lounge area downstairs, which overlooks the garden .
the apartments at résidence sogenor le grand air are individually decorated and have a bathroom with bath or shower. each includes a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a balcony for enjoying the alpine views.
guests can relax on a terrace and enjoy breakfast on-site.
free wi-fi access is available across the property.
the nearby area offers a wide range of restaurants and pubs.
aj hackett bungy jumping - kawarau bridge is 1 km from the property and queenstown event centre is 1.3 km away.
the portoss is located in a wooden building from 1901.
grand harbour hotel features free wifi .
free wi-fi is offered in public areas and some rooms.
the covered patio is complete with barbecue facilities.
located in playa del ingles, 10 minutes’ walk from dunas de maspalomas, sun club offers a heated outdoor pool and a restaurant.
the nearest grocery shop is 500 metres away.
the bars and restaurants of central chester are within a 10-minute walk of the property and chester railway station is less than 1 mile away.
agamont park is 7.8 km from high seas motel, while frenchman bay is 2.9 km away.
transfers to/from the zagreb airport, which is 19 km away, are available on request.
surrounded by tropical gardens, novotel lombok resort & villas is a 20-minute drive from lombok international airport.
it offers rooms with air conditioning and free wifi.
downtown foz do iguaçu is 1,2 km away, and itaipu power plant is 19 km away.
guests can leave their car at the accommodations and go on excursions by boat, bicycle, bus or train.
private parking is available on site.
the garden invites guests to relax outside in warm weather.
free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv with satellite channels feature in all of the air-conditioned, individually decorated rooms.
the air-conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen.
pura aventura ecopark can be reached in a 30-minute drive, while daniel oduber quiros international airport is 1 hour and 30 minutes’ drive away.
a car rental service is also available on site.
the mimosa is located in a modern building 50 metres from the adriatic sea.
a grocery shop can be found within 100 metres from family hotel markov's house.
the nearest airport is split airport, 11 km from apartment alberto 1.
the albanese candy factory is 25 minutes’ drive away.
the designhotel im südfeld offers modern rooms with stone and marble bathrooms.
vip house is 12 km from tbilisi bus station and 25 km from tbilisi airport.
fitted with modern thai decor, rooms at nest resort are completed with a flat-screen tv, a telephone and a refrigerator stocked with minibar.
some rooms have a private bathroom.
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
it offers 24-hour reception and modern, air-conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and free safe.
guests can try regional and international food in the hotel’s country-style restaurant.
the apartment will provide you with a flat-screen tv. there is a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven.
suites at stannum boutique hotel & spa feature flat-screen cable tvs, minibars, and magnificent city and mountain views.
plovdiv’s historical centre and the antique theatre can be reached in 10 minutes on foot.
at de lakei you will find a terrace and a bar. other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a ticket service and luggage storage.
a private bathroom provides a shower with available towels.
there are also 2 bathrooms.
all rooms come with air conditioning, a tv and an electric kettle.
the property offers free parking.
the nürburgring racing track is also just 15 km away.
located 30 minutes west of houston just off of interstate 10, this katy hotel features an indoor pool, a hot tub, and rooms with free wi-fi.
business travelers will appreciate the business center, a computer with internet and access to copy and fax services.
são vicente is 13 km from cantinho da relva, while são jorge is 26 km from the property.
bariloche airport is 38 km away and airport shuttles can be arranged.
it is 150 metres from the padre sebastian englert handcraft market.
it offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning.
located in la tania ski resort, la saboia offers self-catering accommodation featuring ski-to-door access.
a tour desk, luggage storage and dry cleaning services are available at tang thanh phat resort.
gioiosa marea and its crystal-clear beaches is a 45-minute from the property.
you can also request a massage.
carcassonne golf course is 3.5 km away.
the hotel also has a bar on site.
wifi access is available.
strasbourg cathedral is 700 metres from le cocon petite france, while strasbourg christmas market is 200 metres away.
free private parking is possible on site.
its en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
you can walk to liceu, catalunya or jaume i metro stations in less than 5 minutes’ walk.
the on-site western restaurant & bar serves light meals and refreshing beverages for guests to enjoy.
offering a balcony, the apartments have tiled floors, bright interiors, and include basic but stylish furniture.
sharm el-sheikh international airport is located 4 km away.
cycling and hiking trails can be found in the surrounding forest.
at holiday home engesøvej vejers strand i you will find a sauna, a hot tub and barbecue facilities.
sanju sangendo serves local delights for lunch and dinner.
offering simple décor, all rooms at the budget inn greenfield include a seating area and a work desk.
the property boasts views of the sea and is located a 10-minute drive from la spezia train station.
each unit features individual temperature control.
hotel axel opera paris by happyculture is located just a 10-minute walk from galeries lafayette department store and opéra garnier.
set on the slopes of a hill, hotel lake view offers suites that overlook the valley.
free private parking is available on site.
offering a garden, an outdoor pool and a sun terrace with stunning sea and nature views, murat reis ayvalik is located in a peaceful area of ayvalık.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
you can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
all units have a seating area. there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and microwave. a refrigerator and stovetop are also featured, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
souvenir shops, bars and restaurants surround the hotel, and free parking is available on site.
free internet access is available in all areas.
car rental, a shuttle service, and free parking at a nearby location is also possible.
a computer, printer, scanner and photocopy machine are available for a fee.
the nearest airport is burgas airport, 48 km from family hotel the lake.
with a well-equipped kitchen featuring a stove, refrigerator microwave and utensils, this apartment also offers a living room with a tv, a dining area and private bathroom facilities.
the living room has a fireplace and a flat-screen tv. there is a well-equipped kitchen, which includes a fridge, microwave, coffee maker and washing machine.
shops and restaurants can be found within 600 m. the waterfront is 1.4 km away.
some units include a fireplace.
wrocław główny railway station is 1.8 km away.
diamante offers a studio in siracusa, 500 metres from syracuse cathedral. the apartment is 600 metres from porto piccolo.
this pet-friendly resort has a garden, terrace and a shared lounge.
fax and photocopying services are available.
the surrounding beaches are popular for water sports.
guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site cocktail bar, while there is also a pool bar.
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
located just 2.3 km from the unesco world heritage site taj mahal, hotel riviera operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours. free wifi access is available.
offering accommodation with air conditioning, balcony of saranda is set in sarandë, 29 km from corfu town.
an airport transfer, bicycle tours and sightseeing tours can be arranged.
guests can enjoy various wellness services such as massages at an extra cost.
it is a 10-minute drive to hamilton zoo and 20-minute drive to hamilton airport.
each room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
free parking is provided for drivers.
all air-conditioned surf mar rooms have satellite tv, and a private balcony with views of the mediterranean, garden or pool.
the guest house also offers bike hire.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer, bathrobes and welcome amenities such as slippers.
free wi-fi and a flat-screen cable tv are included in all suites.
there is also a banquet hall.
lunden gård is 1 km from the seaside and 40 km from uddevalla on the mainland.
guests can also take advantage of free bicycles.
a bus that links sveti stefan with budva passes every 15 minutes, while a bus stop is set 100 metres from sara lux apartments.
paris - orly airport is 15 km away.
guests can dine in the property’s café, or use on-site barbecue facilities.
pico alto peak and cachoeira das talitas waterfall are located 10 km away.
the three-bedroom apartment is provided with 1 satellite-tv, hi-fi system/dvd player, whirlpool and free wireless internet.
this maritim hotel features elegant rooms and a spa with an indoor pool. the 4-star-superior hotel is located next to a large park in central bremen, and is close to all main tourist attractions in this hanseatic city.
at cedar inn, guests can arrange for a soothing massage, use the free shuttle service or get their clothes laundered and ironed.
the blue sail restaurant located beachside directly in the resort area serves local cuisine, seafood dishes, stone-baked pizzas and cocktails.
the restaurant serves delicious, homemade tuscan cuisine and fine local wines.
aquacolors water park poreč is 2.4 km from apartment trofej. the nearest airport is pula airport, 43 km from the property.
the well-equipped fitness centre provides for a refreshing workout.
guests can visit the illuminations or central shopping area.
hotel du parc is situated 80 km from nice airport and 10 km from gare des arc train station.
located 2 km from the centre of grindelwald and the firstbahn cable car, apartment seraina offers a balcony, a fireplace and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher. free wifi is available.
all studios feature a view of the lake or the mountains.
free parking is provided and you are 3 km from cecina train station.
rasnov train station is reachable within 5 minutes by car.
health centre baltezers is located next to the hotel and offers physiotherapy and rehabilitation services.
the unit is fitted with a flat-screen satellite tv and wooden floors and features mountain views.
executive and business suites are available with upgrades like pillow-top mattresses.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
this country house with free wi-fi and heating features a seating area with a sofa, flat-screen tv, and dvd player.
newly renovated in 2013, rooms at pension max are individually furnished.
tian'anmen square is positioned a 15-minute taxi ride away while beijing railway station is located a 30-minute taxi ride away.
the property offers free parking.
emanuela hotel is 2 km from rimini train station and 3 km from the fiabilandia theme park.
hotel nikko is a convenient 5-minute drive from dalian train station and dalian international convention centre.
the hinterstoder ski area can be reached by car in 45 minutes.
l’atrium restaurant serves an international buffet breakfast and a french a la carte menu.
hotel cumpatu is located in sinaia, 3 km away from the castles of peles and pelisor, the cable car and the gondola, leading to the dorului valley, carp valley and sun valley ski slopes.
on-site parking is provided free of charge.
rijeka airport is located 26 km from the property.
all have cable tv, free wi-fi, and full kitchens.
offering a wellness area with hot tub, traditional swabian food, and free wifi in rooms, this 3-star hotel lies in the centre of donaueschingen, in the baar am rande of the black forrest..
the holiday park also features barbecue facilities for an outdoor lunch.
moorea green pearl golf course is 4 km away.
from there, you can easily reach sights such as the alte brücke bridge and ludwigskirche church.
private bathroom also comes with a shower.
offering a barbecue and sun terrace, agroturystyka grecja dionisos beach is located in paralia dionysiou in the macedonia region. free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
the nearest airport is tagbilaran airport, 75 km from the property.
the nearest airport is split airport, 18 km from apartment taras.
satellite tv, a fridge and a dining area are standard in all apartments.
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle. a flat-screen tv is offered.
you can have a drink at the bar.
the hotel is the first of its type in switzerland, combining accommodation for guests and patients at the same time.
teotihuacan trailer park is just 50 metres from los ahuehuetes restaurant, while many more bars and restaurants can be found around the pyramids.
pod camps bay serves a full breakfast made from fresh local ingredients.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
u.s. embassy is 3.8 km from colombo guest, while asiri surgical hospital is 6 km away.
homemade dishes can be served at an extra charge on request.
guests can avail of luggage storage and safety deposit.
free wifi is accessible in the hotel rooms and public parking is possible at a nearby location at a daily fee.
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
taoyuan airport is 73 km away.
its private bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries.
rio de janeiro/galeao international airport is located 18 km from the property.
extras include slippers and a hairdryer.
ribeira district and all its summer terraces is within 500 metres.
you are invited to visit the aveyron gorges, which are 35 km away.
common laundry facilities are also available
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for horse riding and cycling.
it offers self-catering accommodations including a holiday home and an apartment facing the lake.
the bathroom comes with a shower.
the serpentine restaurant offers a modern european menu with buffets and special themed nights.
a wide range of restaurants, shops and bars can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hostel.
agi riera la cuana is a 5-minute walk from a wide range of lively bars and restaurants serving catalan cuisine and typical spanish tapas.
some rooms have views of the pool or garden.
it is 4 km away to biała podlaska train station.
marina tarragona is 900 metres from tarragona suites sant francesc, while palacio de congresos is 300 metres away.
each room at premier inn features an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities, and a tv with satellite channels.
enjoy use of an outdoor swimming pool and peaceful, rural gardens.
liberia international airport is 1 hour’s drive away.
complete with a refrigerator, the dining area has an electric kettle. private bathroom also comes with a shower.
the hotel offers free wi-fi, an outdoor swimming pool and rooms with satellite tv.
the restaurant serves western and japanese cuisine, as well as cake at tea time.
for lunch and dinner, a variety of restaurants and cafes can be found along the trendy camps bay promenade, just opposite the beach.
optimal sa franquesa nova is 7 km from manacor, and around 15 km from the beaches of calas de mallorca.
bed linens and towels are provided, and a daily breakfast can be requested for an extra fee.
dry cleaning and ironing services are offered on request at an extra fee.
offering free wi-fi and a free breakfast, albergue martindozenea is situated within estonba park and 50 metres from ferrones bus stop.
classically furnished rooms are air conditioned and include a v with cable channels and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
all rooms offer a private bathroom.
schiphol airport is situated at a distance of 14 km from this property.
set in a 10-hectare green area, offers rooms with a balcony.
case saniela is just a 3-minute walk from the local beaches of terrasini favarotta.
tower of london is 1.4 km from bloomfield rooms, while hoxton square is 1.4 km away.
each room at reflections b&b features a private en suite bathroom, air conditioning and ceiling fans.
it is 6.5 kilometers from lake halbert park.
free parking is provided on site.
located in the 10th district of paris, this studio is just a 5-minute walk from the popular canal saint-martin.
regional and local cuisines are served at the villa’s restaurant.
it offers rooms with a cooling fan and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
snacks can be bought from the fridge in the kitchen.
at evalia apartments you will find bbq facilities and a communal lounge.
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport, 3 km from the property.
free private parking is available on site.
just a few metres away from marina beach and the vilamoura marina, this 4-star hotel offers rooms with satellite tv. facilities include an outdoor pool, a health club, and a tennis court.
each room here will provide you with a flat-screen tv and air conditioning. the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
the on-site great room restaurant serves packed breakfast meals and international dishes.
offering an outdoor pool, aki pousada is located in são miguel do gostoso. free wifi access is available.
the apartment will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and a balcony.there is a full kitchen, with a microwave and a refrigerator, and a private bathroom with a shower.
the property is 3 km from porto cervo and 30 km from golfo aranci.
it is just a few steps from the sea promenade, and 200 metres from sanremo casino.
towels and bed linen are offered.
the attached bathroom offers shower facilities.
you can use the spa and fitness area and the pool in the neighbouring hotel free of charge.
its air-conditioned accommodation comes with a private balcony overlooking the surrounding mountains.
at la hulotte you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
it offers a terrace with outdoor furniture.
bang tao beach apartment offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre. boasting spacious accommodation, it also has a a games room and luggage storage service.
spa facilities at hotel zinnkrügl include several types of sauna, a herbal steam bath, a turkish steam bath, a wooden sauna with a tiled stove, and a modern fitness room.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
for your business meeting or private events, the grand hôtel moderne features 2 fully equipped meeting/function rooms.
juanda international airport is reachable within a 45-minute drive.
free wi-fi is provided throughout and a moroccan breakfast is served every morning.
guests can also dine under an open canopy at the in-house restaurant which serves local sri lankan, indian, chinese and european cuisines.
lisbon portela airport is located 30 km away and an airport shuttle service may be arranged, at an extra fee.
it also features a garden and a terrace with hammocks, as well as laundry facilities for guests’ convenience.
the metro station provides links to the centre of st. petersburg and the lively nevskiy prospekt.
the culinary institute is 7.5 miles from the property.
the church of st. nicholas is 1.9 km from petra pancha apartments.
the nearest airport is odessa international airport, 66 km from paradise resort.
the kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
some units include a dining area and/or patio. some units also have a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave and fridge.
junior suites offer a living space and lovely views.
a sweet breakfast is served daily, while savoury dishes are available upon request.
the accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
grantley adams airport is located 10 km from the property.
rooms have a tv with cable channels.
ataturk airport is 15 km away.
the suites are minimalist in style with wooden floors, light décor and free wi-fi.
the spacious rooms of the schlosshotel karlsruhe include air-conditioning, a minibar and cable tv with 2 free sky channels.
rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen cable tv.
offering an outdoor swimming pool, agriturismo al poggetto is a converted farmhouse just outside the town of santa cristina gela in the sicilian countryside.
posh palm springs inn is 2 minutes’ drive from the city centre.
an electric cooker, tea/coffee maker and toaster make fixing food easy.
the top of the zugspitze mountain is 5 km away.
guests at the property can work out in the gym, relax in the sauna or surf the net for free.
each one of them comes with a private bathroom, a fully equipped kitchen, and a washing machine.
further facilities include a games room with table tennis, a fitness room and a garden.
guests use shared bathroom facilities.
it is a 20-minute drive to royal phuket marina and a 40-minute drive to patong beach.
guests are welcome to use the ski storage and free private parking facilities at gallin.
there is a trendy lobby bar, as well as the rooftop pool bar.
free wi-fi is accessible throughout the hotel and free parking is available on site.
free private parking is available on site.
this langhorne, pennsylvania hotel offers free shuttle service to sesame place, a theme park.
staff at the pos chiquito apartments can provide information about the surrounding area and the rest of aruba.
good morning lund is 10 minutes’ drive from lund university. malmö is 20 km away.
muskogee americas best value inn is 2 miles from river country family waterpark and creek nation casino muskogee.
guests can enjoy local specialities and daily continental breakfast at hotel emirates plaza’s restaurant.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
it has beautiful see views, situated on a lovely nature plot and can accommodate up to six persons.
at mui ne backpacker village, guests can approach the friendly multilingual staff for assistance with currency exchange, luggage storage, laundry services and tour arrangements.
you can enjoy special rates at a nearby restaurant, where you can sample some typical sardinian dishes.
the resort is also a 5-minute ride from fairways and bluewater golf and country club.
marndadee heritage river village is a 20-minute drive away from chiang mai international airport.
calgary international airport is 20 minutes' drive away.
guests staying at vanessa holiday home can enjoy garden views and use complimentary barbecue facilities.
featuring a cosy lounge with a wood-burning stove, a 24-hour hot tub and an organic restaurant, pension & bar side hill is 2 km from hakuba happo ski resort.
the patricia’s bright, modern decor adds to the sunny ambiance of the building.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, hotel inju on baraeva 9 offers accommodation in astana.
at villa canuta you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. the property offers free parking.
situated in savannah, tennessee, this motel features free morning coffee and free wi-fi.
villa moret is a breachfront apartment located in nuevo vallarta.
offering a one-bedroom apartment on the 28th floor, the property features a fitness centre and pool.
a launderette is also available.
the bowood park golf club has a course which meets usga standards and is open all year round.
laundry, dry-cleaning and ironing services are offered to all guests at a surcharge.
organised boat trips are provided on request.
this rustic guest house is set in andorra la vella’s old town.
portblue club pollentia resort & spa, 5 km from alcudia, offers extensive sports facilities, including 3 swimming pools, a tennis court and watersports centre.
the town of gradac is 9 km away from glavina apartments.
the silleren cable car can be reached within a 4-minute walk.
there is a local pub serving evening meals 5 minutes' walk from the property.
private parking is available on site.
winchelsea guesthome is located 5 minutes’ drive from paynes bay beach and 1.5 km from the warrens commercial district.
kolovare sandy beach can be reached in 600 metres.
featuring free wifi and a terrace, ranga hill house offers accommodation in dikwella south, 12 km from tangalle.
the property offers free parking.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
the in-house vinotheque stocks a wide range of fine austrian wines.
set within a walled-in garden, it features 2 outdoor pools.
the bell arte breakfast restaurant includes a conservatory and terrace.
hotel safi is situated in the peaceful surroundings of rhodope mountains, and offers apartments with panoramic views of the lake and the city. free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
casa da árvore ii also features barbecue facilities and laundry facilities.
the historic recoleta cemetery and puerto madero, the city’s trendy district are approximately a 10-minute taxi drive away.
breakfast is served daily and it consists of sweet pastries and croissants.
located at 2.1 km from the bustling markets of panjim, this 4-star property, country inn & suites by carlson goa panjim features an outdoor pool, business centre and meeting/banqueting facility. free wi-fi is available throughout the property.
rooms at rama hotel feature wooden flooring.
every room comes with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
a washing machine and tumble dryer are included for guest convenience in the captain’s house greenport.
certain units include a private bathroom with a spa bath, while others have slippers and free toiletries.
free scheduled shuttle service from kalibo airport is available from 07:00 to 19:00 daily.
featuring an all-year indoor pool and free wifi throughout the property, guiyang guishan hotel offers comfortable accommodation.
hotel alexander boasts spacious terraces overlooking the sea, and offers a bike rental service.
the beautiful tatra national park is located only 1 km away.
furthermore, the property provides free luggage storage, an airport shuttle service on request and a car rental.
bairnsdale railway station is 35 km away.
free parking is available on site.
ipanema beach is 2 km away.
gudwin shopping mall is 5 minutes' walk fromapartment compex daudel, and tyumen's city centre with tsvetnoy boulevard are 2 km away.
the wooden caravan and chalet include a kitchenette with a dining area and a separate bathroom.
shower facilities and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
all units feature air-conditioning, a flat-screen tv and a wardrobe.
the café opens from 10:00 until 23:00 (00:00 at the weekend).
valadares offers a 24-hour reception, room service and laundry facilities.
tarragona is 15 km from uhc mar augusta family complex.
in the evenings, enjoy fine wine and international cocktails at blue heaven bar.
perugia is 9 km from fattoria il bruco, while chianciano terme is 43 km away. the nearest airport is perugia san francesco d'assisi airport, 15 km from the property.
guests can enjoy a relaxing body massage, or have a barbecue on the beach.
located only 900 metres from the beach of copacabana and featuring free wifi access, copacabanabooking offers self-catering accommodations in rio de janeiro.
at zhiwa ling hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
a beautiful common court-yard at birches, with barbecue facilities, is at your disposal.
located on the north beach and less than a 1-minute walk from the ocean, this colorful hollywood, florida hotel features rooms equipped with a full kitchen.
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport, 35 km from the property.
featuring a view of the city, each soundproofed room comes with a flat-screen tv, a telephone and heating.
a family-run country guest house nameji is located on the oustkirts of bauska and it offers accommodation surrounded by greenery with an on-site pond.
apartments near the summer garden is a self-catering accommodation located in saint petersburg, within a 5-minute walk of the field of mars and the summer garden.
the property offers free parking.
the apartments at hotel residence kakatar feature satellite tv, a balcony with a view, and the private bathrooms are complete with a shower.
all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
the nearest airport is lien khuong airport, 23 km from the property.
the traditional restaurant specialises in meat dishes and pizza.
rooms at al khayam castle are air conditioned and include minibar and a tv set.
with room service, breakfast and other meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guests' rooms.
all rooms have a private bathroom.
the apartments come with a kitchen, dining area and electric kettle.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
during winter, it offers discounts on ski passes.
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
it also has a garden, a patio and bbq facilities.
free wifi is available throughout the property.
the accommodation has a seating area with a tv, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
located just 2 km from hua hin beach, wongsuwan pool villa 1 offers a private outdoor pool.
featuring a hairdryer, private bathrooms also come with bathrobes and free toiletries.
rooms here will provide you with a cable tv. complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator.
the 3 bars serve a wide variety of drinks and light snacks.
evristhenis house is situated at the foot of a hill in toroni, within 170 metres from the beach.
the famous berthillon ice cream shops can be found within walking distance.
isola isuledda is a 5-minute drive from le gemme.
freewi-fi access is available.
plaza catalunya is 1 km from center of barcelona - travel support.
the property offers free parking.
free wifi is available in the entire property.
situated only 2 minutes' walk from coogee beach, this property offers private rooms and dormitories, a communal terrace and a shared kitchen.
asia guesthouse is located just 300 metres from the shore of kata beach.
guests can make use of the garden, which has both barbecue facilities and a children’s playground.
rossgarten gate is 1.3 km from apartment on tikhaya ulitsa, while maraunenhof is 1.4 km away.
set 3.7 km from las salinas beach and 5 km from los marineros beach, chile aparts cochoa offers accommodation in viña del mar.
they also include a seating area and a private balcony overlooking the city.
the hotel provides free breakfast.
the hotel is 300 metres from dalian xinghai convention and exhibition center, 700 metres from xinghai square and 3.8 km from dalian people's square.
it is 50 km to varna.
each has satellite tv and a hairdryer in the bathroom.
free parking is offered. vending machines featuring drinks are located on-site.
parking is free on site.
the property is 23 km from peñíscola and boasts views of the sea.
the nearest airport is anapa airport, 36 km from the property.
sunflower villa studios also includes a hot tub and outdoor pool.
haseki eğitim ve araştırma hastanesi is 3.5 km from 16:9 onalti dokuz, while bakırkoy psychiatric hospital is 4.3 km away.
varied breakfast buffets are on offer every day.
various styles of fully self-contained 2-bedroom villas, cabins as well as powered and non-powered sites for caravans are provided.
offering a restaurant, long beach guest house is located in hikkaduwa.
the madeira airport is a 20-minute drive from the villa and the 3 bedroom villa in funchal provides a shuttle service, at a surcharge.
the two-bedroom apartment is provided with a lounge with tv and hi-fi system.
urumqi people's park is 1.2 km from thunder bird international youth hostel, while urumqi the united states shopping mall is 1.6 km away.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
there are deck chairs around the pool, plus a relaxation lounge, with herbal teas and drinks.
the alaska zoo and kincaid park are 15 minutes' drive away from the hotel.
fitted with tiled flooring, the modern air-conditioned rooms feature cable tv and a private bathroom with toiletries.
the night club kleopatra is housed in the same building, and offers a variety of beverages and shows.
extras include a sofa, bed linen and cleaning products.
the closest beach is 1 km from casa vacanze parodi. lamezia terme international airport is 30 km away.
the stylish bathroom includes a bathtub, shower and hairdryer.
tea/coffee making facilities are included.
the air-conditioned rooms at the hacienda feature a ceiling fan and a private bathroom with a shower.
it takes 15 minutes to walk to night market.
modern bathrooms have under-floor heating.
free wi-fi access is available.
the accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen tv, a safety box and a kitchenette with fridge, stovetop and kettle.
a flat-screen tv is provided.
it offers a pool, free wi-fi and self-catered accommodation.
each unit also includes an en-suite bathroom with shower, while some feature a kitchenette.
rooms feature views of the swimming pool or the garden, while some also offer a private terrace.
guests of the apartman alpha can find a café on the ground floor of the building.
some rooms have a separate living area with sofa.
a daily breakfast is available in a common room.
the property offers free parking.
crossroads mall is 20 minutes’ drive from the motel.
lambada hotel provides accommodation with a private sandy beach on the aegean sea and a location bordering the kaz dağı national park.
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
it features an outdoor terrace with a billiards table and seating.
located right on pollonia beach of milos, the whitewashed heliotropio studios & apartments consists of 2 buildings and features a shared, rooftop terrace with built-in sofas and panoramic sea views.
you will find room service at the property.
sunak cave boutique is within walking distance from urgup town centre.
in the morning, guests can choose from a continental and a buffet breakfast.
a flat-screen tv with satellite channels is provided.
it offers accommodation decorated with great attention for a detail, only 70 metres away from a ski bus stop.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
several water sports are on offer on the beach.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
a private bathroom also features in the chalet.
further facilities at the guest house include a 24 hour reception.
embarc - blue mountain offers accommodation in blue mountains.
some overlook the city.
it boasts modern suites and free wifi access is available throughout.
the rooms at the vultureasa come with a private bathroom with a shower, cable tv and a balcony with a view of the garden.
for those who wish to chat with the travellers all over the world, there are lively dormitories available with shared bathroom facilities.
in the garden of apartment passeggiata gialla guests are offered complimentary barbecue facilities and an outdoor seating area.
batumi international airport is 5 km away.
guests can enjoy playing table tennis. on request, bicycles can also be borrowed at bella vista free of charge.
every room has a private bathroom.
the nearest airport is schiphol airport, 16 km from the property.
the lobby lounge features comfortable sofas and tables.
some rooms feature a balcony.
the resort features an outdoor swimming pool, restaurant and beach lounge.
furnished with a modern décor, this air-conditioned studio offers a flat-screen satellite tv, a kitchenette complete with a stove and a washing machine.
each one has an lcd tv with satellite channels and a dvd player.
guests can enjoy a rich breakfast that includes omelet and fresh orange juice among other items.
holiday home lososinnoye has a direct access to ski routes.
kettles and hairdryers are available upon request.
grand bazaar is 1 km from stone art hotel, while spice bazaar is 1 km from the property.
the hostel has a washing machine, ironing facilities as well as a shared lounge.
it is 600 metres away from rua santa catarina and via catarina shopping venues. porto international airport is 16 km away from the hotel dom henrique.
breakfast is served daily and guests can enjoy regional cuisine at the printemps restaurant.
situated in the city of denpasar, cityzen renon is a 15-minute walk from the bajra sandhi monument.
all units are air-conditioned and include a cable flat-screen tv and wooden floors.
rooms at the samaritana homestay have a wardrobe, heating and access to a shared bathroom.
no meals are served on site.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are offered.
at solitaire hotel you will find an airport shuttle, a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
breakfast is served in each apartment.
the hampton inn and suites is one mile from the austin bergstrom international airport.
barcelona airport is 90 km away.
there is also a café.
breakfast is available in the hotel's buffet restaurant.
a hearty german breakfast is served every morning in the sunny breakfast room.
guests at the property can enjoy fishing on site.
meals are not offered at this accommodation.
the property offers free parking and the châteaux de la loire are reachable within 40 km.
quinta devonia is located in funchal and features accommodation in quaint homes, with a green surrounding area.
there is a horse back riding school 300 metres from villa murva.
the spacious, elegantly furnished apartments and studios feature a balcony, a kitchen, a seating area with a flat-screen tv, and a bathroom.
the property features a pool, tour desk and fitness centre.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily, and guests have discounts at nearby restaurants plus pizzerias.
irida tavern serves home-cooked cretan dishes at an outdoor terrace with views over georgioupolis bay.
the edenita villas feature a private terrace with great views over the lanzarote countryside.
the hotel has coin-operated washing machines, a shared microwave and video rentals.
napoli capodichino airport and train station are approximately 60 km away.
traditional british and international dishes are served in the onsite restaurant, which also offers light snacks such as baguettes and sandwiches.
this modern hotel offers elegant, air-conditioned rooms with a minibar and tv.
guests can request for laundry and ironing services.
there is free internet access in the restaurant and bar, as well as the lobby, where guests can use several computer stations.
nestled within private gardens, visethana boutique is located 2.2 km from samudera supermarket and offers acommodation in sihanoukville.
free wifi is offered throughout the property.
featuring free wifi and a children's playground, dinastiya korpus 1 offers pet-friendly accommodation in kabardinka.
set amidst well-tended gardens, villa laona lies within 700 metres from the lively coral bay resort and 800 metres from coralia beach.
collaig house is just over 30 miles from inveraray, home to an 18th-century jail which is now a visitor attraction, and the impressive inveraray castle. home to the scottish seal sanctuary, oban is a 35-minute drive from kilchrenan, and the departure point for ferry trips to the isle of mull.
some units have a dining area and/or balcony.
free private parking is available on site.
lockers and towels are available for free.
a microwave, a fridge and kitchenware are also provided.
alicante airport is 1 hour away by car.
guests can relax on the furnished terrace or in the back yard with barbecue facilities.
roberto huembes bus station is 1 km away.
an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by gardens and a hot tub can be enjoyed in paramaribo.
guests can enjoy classic british cuisine in the elegant restaurant, which overlooks sandown bay.
the wenceslas square can be reached within 3 metro stops from the galerie royale.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
xiamen blue mountain hotel features well-decorated rooms and villas in zhangzhou.
the food is based on high-quality ingredients, mostly from local producers.
the bright apartment features a tv and a fan.
relax by the complexs outdoor swimming pool, and take a dip to cool off in the warm sunshine.
a japanese-style breakfast and dinner featuring fresh produces harvested within a 15-mile radius of the property are served.
guests at the gateway can start their morning with a complimentary continental breakfast or with a swim in the outdoor pool, before playing a round of golf at the golf course, located adjacent to the hotel.
park hotel amfora is situated in the green and peaceful kniazhevo quarter.
chinatown and soho a few minutes’ walk away, and piccadilly circus is a 5-minute walk.
guests can benefit from free entrance and access to an aqua park with swimming pools and water slides.
guests at the hotel can dine in the on-site restaurant operating 24/7.
boasting a modern and colourful décor, condominio terrazzo ondina offers an outdoor pool with panoramic sea views and an indoor pool.
the jw steakhouse offers a classic american experience with tender grilled cuts of beef and fresh seafood.
the private bathroom comes with a shower, hairdryer, free toiletries and bathrobe.
the property is a 10-minute drive from the valle de aguascalientes industrial park and a 2-minute walk from the altaria shopping centre.
free wifi is provided .
a launderette is offered.
the hotel received the isnart ospitàlità italiana award in 2010.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out balaton uplands national park which starts within 8 km or balaton lake reachable within 13 km.
the hotel’s restaurant offers à la carte dining with traditional dishes from the region.
bike rental is available on site.
several eateries can be found close by.
a tv, a low table and seating cushions are provided.
kazan state university is 1.6 km from like home park view apartment, while peter and paul cathedral is 2.2 km from the property.
the landhotel & brauhaus prignitzer hof offers bright and spacious rooms, as well as an apartment that is stylishly decorated with modern furniture.
some rooms also have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
flisvos marina is 3.9 km from apartment, while stavros niarchos foundation cultural center is 4.4 km from the property.
the property also offers a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower.
novosibirsk airport is 18.5 km from the hostel, and a shuttle service is provided on request.
simply decorated, all the air-conditioned dormitory rooms come with bunk beds, lockers and electric sockets.
the self-serviced property is 200 metres from the nearest restaurant.
free parking is available at summer day guesthouse.
a hot tub and barbecue facilities are featured on the sun terrace.
the building is located in the heart of the equipetrol neighbourhood, steps away from restaurants and commerce.
the bus for gozo ferry terminal in mgarr and the capital victoria stops right in front of the property.
it also offers an outdoor swimming pool.
all rooms are individually decorated, boasting attention to details and elegant tiles.
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with shower and free toiletries.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
city 1 prestige is situated in the south-western section of sunny beach, just 1.5 km from the resort’s centre and a 12-minute walk away from cacao beach.
featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
free wi-fi is provided and all apartments have a balcony with views of the surroundings.
the spacious villas at lotus come with modern indonesian décor and have plenty of natural light.
santander is 50 km away.
breakfast and dinner feature japanese cuisine using vegetables from the hotel’s own organic farm.
the apartments feature a bedroom and a living room that will provide you with a tv featuring satellite channels and cable channels.
pegasus villa is minimally decorated with respect to the cycladic style. it consists of 3 separate bedrooms, a kitchenette and a living room with dining table. facilities include a satellite, flat-screen tv, cd player and air conditioning.
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
living and dining areas are available in the units, which also include a kitchen equipped with an oven, microwave, refrigerator and kettle.
rooms here will provide you with a cable tv and shared bathroom facilities with showers.
there are 3 bathrooms, each with a bath or shower.
ngurah rai international airport is 27 km from the property.
fine chinese dining is available at tein he restaurant, while breakfast is served at the rooftop chin tien restaurant.
extras include a hairy dryer.
enjoying a quiet location in leogang, a 10-minute walk from the centre of leogang, the landhaus christophorus is only 30 metres away from the ski bus stop.
start the day with a delicious breakfast, served buffet-style in the restaurant.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
the property is just 500 metres from the beach and 3 km from new old town.
999 apartments 3 is located 850 metres from krakow central railway station and 2.4 km from wawel royal castle.
guests can recharge with a workout at the hotel's fitness centre or play a round of tennis at the courts available.
rustaveli theatre is 3.5 km from silk , while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 3.7 km from the property.
guests benefit from balcony. free wifi is provided throughout the property.
saint-tropez is just 17 km away.
it is 50 km from the erzgebirge mountains and 55 km from bayreuth.
guests will find hundreds of shops and luxuries in the on-site shopping area. added entertainments and facilities are movie cinema, spa centre, art galleries, wedding square, conference rooms and exhibition centre.
located in siljansnäs, 29 km from mora, björkberget cottages siljansnäs features a ski school and ski storage space. tällberg is 9 km away.
a gym and a business centre with computer and internet access are available at the property.
there is a full kitchen, with a refrigerator and kitchenware and private bathrooms, with a bath or shower.
it offers free parking, and rustic accommodation with lcd tv. you have free use of the common living room with a fridge.
every room has a shared bathroom.
volga-volga is located in glebovo on the bank of the volga river, 23 km from rybinsk.
guests can enjoy international cuisine in the restaurant on site.
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
at ahuzat ha'teena you will find a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
some also include a balcony offering sea views.
free wi-fi is available throughout.
the popular sants estacio stadium is just 2 km away.
a cable tv is offered in each air-conditioned room at university inn & suites tempe.
montpon rail station is 15 km from la musardière and it is possible to swim in la dronne river, 12 km away.
just a 2-minute walk from mamitas beach in playa del carmen, penthouse sacbe blue sky offers a private rooftop terrace with a plunge pool. guests also have access to a communal outdoor pool.
each has a living area, 2 bathrooms, and a kitchen.
this hotel is located on nassau’s paradise island, next to paradise island golf course in front of the marina.
the nearest grocery store is 50 metres away.
set in braşov, this apartment features a balcony with mountains views.
organic vegetables are also grown here.
guests enjoy fresh flowers and freshly ground coffee.
gran hotel miglierina has rooms with flat-screen tvs, sommier beds, tasteful décor and private bathrooms with showers.
at an extra cost, bicycles are available for hire at reception.
all rooms at le chêne vert feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and carpeted or parquet floors.
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
each unit is equipped with a tv, fan and electric blankets.
other facilities offered include a tour desk, dry cleaning and a laundry.
the 24-hour front desk provides laundry services and fax facilities.
each room comes with with a balcony, air conditioning tv and private bathroom.
the botanic garden in steglitz is just a 20-minute walk away.
rooms at borgo fontanile have modern wooden furnishings and tiled floors.
the units feature a bedroom, a tv, a kitchenette, and a bathroom fitted with a shower.
they are located 500 metres from são bento metro and train stations, facing palácio da bolsa.
cafe de bu serves thai cuisine for breakfast and lunch.
situated 100 metres from tikkurila train station, this hotel is a 10-minute drive from helsinki-vantaa airport.
paphos town is a 15-minute drive away and paphos international airport is 21 km away.
offering a terrace and views of the lake, guesthouse lunkasllari is set in pyullya.
guests have free access to the spa and to the swimming pool, fitness centre and sauna.
the private bathroom features a hair dryer, set of toiletries, and one set of 4 towels for each guest.
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport, 33 km from acropolis view charming loft.
xu guan jia boutique apartment is a 10-minute walk from women's street and a 15-minute walk from liberty monument. it is 3.5 km from caiyuanba railway station.
the hotel offers an indoor pool, hot tub and mountain views.
sample various kinds of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages in one of our lively theme bars and simply absorb the laidback and relaxing ambience of this magnificent place.
the neatly decorated, 4-bedroom apartment offers a flat-screen tv, air conditioning, balcony, seating area with a sofa, laundry area, and private bathroom with a spa bath.
kaliningrad khrabrovo airport is 11 km from the property.
at hotel camposol you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
the unit provides city, harbour and mountain views.
island krk is connected to the mainland by bridge, 3.6 km away.
set in the cancún’s hotel zone and 3 km from the caracol shopping centre, the sunset marina &yacht club features mediterranean-style architecture, a sun terrace, swimming pool and spa treatments.
guests are offered to enjoy various evening entertainment programmes, including children's animation.
in the winter, ski storage is free.
very near a bus stop offering a quick connection to varna and its airport, the hotel offers a number of spacious rooms that prove ideal for a family holiday.
in summer time, guests can ride a sightseeing train in janské lázně that is 1 km away.
this eco-friendly hotel runs on renewable energy only.
a sports centre with tennis, football and basketball courts can be reached on foot within 10 minutes.
during meals, guest can enjoy live entertainment and music.
there is a restaurant, and guests can have fun at the games room.
hotel park 10 is situated in the el poblado neighborhood, 4-blocks from the central parque lleras square.
panoramic lake and mountain views from the 2-level balcony is featured at the two-bedroom eagles fly retreat.
it is 1 km from lenin prospect and 7.5 km from the zaporozhye pervoye train station.
luzhniki stadium is 7 km from lite hotel, while bitsa park is 8 km from the property.
norman manley international airport can be reached in a 7-minute drive.
the hotel is just over an hours’ drive from palma and its airport.
a flat-screen tv and dvd player are provided.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
the sedrun-oberalp ski area is a 10-minute drive away.
towels and bed linen are offered at ca apartament miramar .
paulaner restaurant and bar serves bavarian cuisine and a selection of beer.
wi-fi access is free throughout.
some units feature views of the sea or garden.
each room here will provide you with free toiletries, tea/coffee making facilities, bottled water, a hairdryer, and a tv with dvd player.
with such a central location, the hotel adlon kempinski allows direct access to some of berlin’s main landmarks.
the bus for malta international airport stops 150 metres away.
the beach is approximately 5km away.
vienna international airport is 78 km from the property.
the individually furnished rooms feature a minibar, flat-screen tv and an en suite bathroom with rainfall shower head, hairdryer and toiletries.
located on the ground level, the lounge features casual dining, cocktails and snacks.
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available upon request.
the closest grocery shop is 50 metres away.
phnom penh international airport is 4 km away.
it features an outdoor swimming pool, a gym and sauna.
al maha residence is 2 km from tower links golf club, and just 40 minutes’ drive from dubai.
located in central georgia, this hotel is 2 miles from historic milledgeville town centre.
the kessler's kulm is situated on the wolfgang pass, next to davos-wolfgang train station and a 10-minute bus ride from the centre of davos.
restaurants and shops can be found in the surrounding area.
the spacious bathroom comes with a shower, bathrobe and free toiletries.
on-site parking is free, and the gardaland theme park can be reached in 5 minutes by car.
new mirah hotel is approsimately 1.6 km from pasar baru and is 20 km away from soekarno-hatta international airport.
catania and fontanarossa airport are both within 60 km of the property.
free parking is available.
rooms are surrounded by garden landscape and are equipped with heating facilities, a private bathroom with hot shower and a bath tub.
at holiday home vallehusvej nexø vi are bbq facilities and a terrace.
it offers a furnished garden and a ski storage room.
the hotel offers a restaurant and free wifi.
juhkentali 32 apartment offers accommodation in tallinn, 200 metres from kalevi stadium and 400 metres from tallinn international bus station. the property boasts views of the city and is 1.1 km from nordea concert hall.
rooms include a plasma-screen tv and a wide choice of films and music.
orly airport is a 20-minute drive away while the charles de gaulle airport is a 30-minute drive from beating heart.
free public parking is provided on site.
guests have access to shared kitchen facilities and a lounge area with a computer at hotel dakota.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as barbecue facilities which are free to use.
its spacious cottages feature a patio.
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
the gino allegri airport is less than 2 km from the property.
rijeka airport is at a distance of 70 km.
the property is a 20-minute drive to phuket bus terminal 1 and rawai beach.
free wi-fi access is available.
the a11 motorway is ideally located 10 km away and free public parking is provided at the property.
the nearest airport is surgut airport, 10 km from the property.
it features a pool and is a 10-minute drive to the centre of cape town.
rooms at pinpao are equipped with mosquito nets, a dressing table and work desk.
a tv, fridge and private bathroom are standard.
a russian steam bath and sauna are featured at the spadessa hotel.
guests of rock cabins can enjoy hiking trails throughout the area and park.
private bathroom comes with a bidet.
apartments are decorated in shabby chic style has a spacious living room as well as a fully equipped kitchen.
you can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
guests can purchase light snacks and beverage at a convenience store just a minute’s walk from the hotel.
the guesthouse is 2 km from goseong five-day market. it is 5 km from south sea and seopjikoji, which is a well-known area tv and drama filming spot.
mimosa resort is about 3.5 km from maenam pier, where speedboats heading to koh phangan and koh tao are available.
there are also several chinese restaurants, noodle and barbecue dining places located around the hotel.
the shuttle service is offered.
each has a tv or flat-screen tv, air conditioning and private bathroom with hairdryer.
the sofienberg park is 400 metres away.
residence moika river hotel is ideally located a 5-minute walk from the hermitage and palace square on the picturesque moika river embankment, in a lovely building by nevsky prospekt.
the armes blends comfort and charm in typical french fashion.
a flat-screen tv is featured.
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available daily.
the apartment comes with a tv, air conditioning and fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave.
towels and bed linen are offered.
a continental breakfast is provided daily.
free wifi access is available.
the restaurant at su solianu serves sardinian specialities.
breakfast and dinner are served on the sun terrace in fine weather.
these bright apartments feature air conditioning, heating, a flat-screen tv and a spacious balcony with splendid views.
with on-site car hire services, guests at the mccormick place hyatt regency can easily explore the surrounding area as well as chicago city centre attractions, including navy pier and soldier field.
hardwood floors, wood-paneled walls and rustic décor are featured throughout the property.outdoor dining and bbq facilities are also available.
the tour desk can recommend local attractions and help guests with travel arrangements.
with its convenient location, the hotel offers easy access to the city's must-see destinations.
hospedaje cozy galapagos features a garden, a terrace and a patio.
there is free shuttle service at the property.
holiday home blåbærvangen v is located in oksbøl and it can accommodate up to eight guests.
the soundproofed rooms at this ibis hotel feature a flat-screen tv with cable channels, air conditioning and a desk.
taksim square and taksim metro station are 450 metres from the property.
it offers a restaurant, outdoor pool and game viewing opportunities.
guests staying at the snowshoe mountain lodge can relax in the lobby by the fireside or visit the games room for entertainment.
shuttle and airport shuttle services are available for an additional fee.
leon valley golf course is just 6.6 miles from the travelodge temple.
situated 400 metres from taksim square, the heart of istanbul, taksim sheriff suite offers self-catering accommodation.
it’s a good spot to enjoy the sun at a terrace of one of many bars.
h hotel is located in ulsan, 1.2 km from ulsan culture & arts center. guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
the popular koundouros beach is at a distance of approximately 3.5 km.
the heydar aliyev sergi sarayi exhibition is 4 km away from hotel qafqaz point.
guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
free wi-fi access and flat-screen tv with a dvd player are included in every room at homewood suites fort wayne.
each air-conditioned apartment at residence elba features a living area with a tv and a sofa. the kitchenette comes with an oven and a refrigerator.
free private parking is possible on site.
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
you can prepare meals in the kitchen.
a separate seating area, sofa, and 2 flat-screen cable televisions are provided.
room service is also available.
breakfast is served there every morning.
ergo arena is just a short walk away.
they also include a kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, microwave and coffee machine.
each has an lcd tv with cable channels and a hairdryer.
the nearest beach is 100 metres away.
you can also book in-room massages and private yoga classes.
within a 350-metre reach, you can find some dining options and a bar.
the village centre is 1 km away from the property and is a good starting point for hiking and cycling trials.
additional facilities include a business centre.
the restaurant serves international dishes and well as serbian specialities, accompanied by a variety of beverages.
you can enjoy garden view from the room.
each room here will provide you with a tv, air conditioning and satellite channels. there is also a refrigerator.
it offers mountain views, in an area ideal for fishing, hiking and cycling.
most rooms have a balcony.
facilities include a dishwasher, satellite tv and dvd player.
rooms include tvs and tea/coffee-making facilities.
split ferry provides daily connections with islands of hvar, brač, vis and korčula.
a seating area with a fireplace, sofa bed, and satellite tv is available at seascape costal retreat.
meals are available upon request at the dining area.
khimki is 37 km from apartment in zheleznodorozhnyy, while podolsk is 45 km away.
free wifi is available.
a concierge service is available.
punta cana international airport is 14 km from the property.
pisa galileo galilei airport is 52 km away.
it offers mediterranean villas, each with a covered patio.
the nearest airport is faro airport, 88 km from casa da felicidade.
the st. jakob ski area is a 5-minute drive away, and 50 metres away is the free ski bus stop with connections to the cable car valley station.
tea and coffee-making facilities, a microwave, and small fridge are provided in all room at the apple inn motel. free wi-fi is available in all rooms and some rooms offer free wired internet.
this air-conditioned apartment offers a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a dining setting and a lounge area with a flat-screen tv.
kimi ora is a 10-minute drive from abel tasman national park and a 50-minute drive from golden bay.
blue birds is 13 minutes' walk from cable bay vineyard & restaurant.
this apartment offers a year-round outdoor pool and free wifi.
all rooms feature a flat-screen tv, a dvd player and included bed linen.
erivolos studios are located just 150 metres from lygaria beach, offering the guest a unique mountain and sea view, in a quiet and relaxing setting near the sea.
rembrandt flat boasts views of the garden and is 2.6 km from st. paul's islands.
situated in the pretty town of schlüsselfeld, this hotel in the steigerwald reserve offers excellent motorway connections and ample opportunities for rest and recreation.
sarajevo national theatre is 600 metres away.
the rooms and bungalows offer cable tv, a wardrobe, and free toiletries.
the fully furnished kanika sea forum apartment no.106 provides a kitchen equipped with electrical appliances.
cape town international airport is 45 minutes by car.
extras include a 24-hour front desk.
these apartments are perfect for booking a stay with family or friends, giving you total independence.
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
with its location in the town centre of arvier, you have plenty of restaurants and pizzerias to choose from at dinner.
free private parking is available on site. free wifi is available throughout the property.
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
pebbly beach is just a 10-minute drive away and batemans bay is 20 minutes’ drive.
llandrindod wells is 17 km from woodside, while hay-on-wye is 37 km away.
the on-site restaurant with a sun terrace serves homemade regional cuisine.
a tv is provided.
the private beach has a bar and a seating area.
burgas airport is 10 km from the property.
guests can also take a sip of local sake.
hotel gran casa is just a few metres from oderzo railway station.
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
the property is by the azzurra number 2 ski slope.
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
guests will enjoy a typical italian breakfast daily.
whether you are interested in sport, culture, gastronomy, or are simply in search of peace and relaxaton - this is the perfect spot for you!
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
it offers simple air-conditioned rooms on the second floor of a 19th-century building.
the property offers free parking.
sample traditional regional cuisine at the on-site el restaurante and el sol tapas & restaurant or enjoy an extensive wine selection at the belmond maroma wine cellar.
the distance to rostov on don international airport is 20 km from the property.
miss luisa serves a varied breakfast, which can be enjoyed in the garden during the summer.
hotel lux features free wifi throughout the property.
other facilities at 2 perfect include an on site hair salon and coin operated laundry.
the property is a 25-minute drive from tsingtao beer museum.
guests benefit from balcony.
guests are invited to prepare their own meals, as a fully equipped kitchen in the apartment includes a microwave and dining area.
baan paan huahin is 1.0 km from hua hin night market and 700 metre from hua hin market village.
the salem inn places guests within walking distance to a variety of local attractions, including the site of the infamous salem witch trials.
every guest room at the north grapevine residence inn is furnished with a seating area, dining table and a work desk.
the restaurant opens onto the panoramic terrace and serves regional specialities, as well as italian cuisine.
other facilities offered on-site includes a terrace and room service.
accepting only mainland chinese citizens, elan hotel huludao xinhua avenue offers simple accommodation.
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal. alternatively the lagos centre has various fish and seafood restaurants for guests to choose from.
free wifi is provided .
a range of activities is offered in the area, such as horse riding, cycling and fishing.
the rooms in the los villares rural hotel have cable tv as well as wooden floors.
at guest house mila, guests can also enjoy a garden and a terrace.
this holiday home is 59 km from nîmes-alès-camargue-cévennes airport.
the property is 2,2 km from botafogo beach and 4,9 km maracanã stadium.
currency exchange and laundry services are available.
free private parking is available on site.
this air-conditioned and split-level, 2-bedroom villa of 066 opens to a furnished terrace and balcony.
kaohsiung kaisyuan world exhibition center is just a 5-minute drive away while kaohsiung city centre is 20 minutes away by car.
also on offer are rooms with a kitchenette and microwave for self-catering.
the apartments are soundproofed, air-conditioned and have free wifi and a flat-screen tv.
the nearest airport is pisa international airport, 73 km from the property.
hindiba doga evi has simply furnished rooms and bungalows fitted with central heating and 24-hour hot water in the en suite bathroom.
warsaw’s old town is about 10 km from sweet home and 4 km from the młociny metro station.
all rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
the hotel is just 1.5 km from manali bus station and the buddhist monastery.
at ayurveda villa you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a shared kitchen.
make the most of the torre vermella’s location to see all of barcelona’s sights, including gaudí’s amazing architecture and the lively rambla.
centrally located in catania, b&b massimo centro offers free wi-fi in public areas and a free public car park on site.
the fairy tale-style thun castle is a 35-minute drive away.
the fully equipped kitchens feature an oven, stovetop, microwave and refrigerator.
air conditioning is available in some units.
breskens is a 10-minute drive from the guest house. knokke-heist, across the belgian border, is 25 minutes away by car. eetcafe 't overleg is 35 minutes from terneuzen by car.
this holiday home at villa giulia comes with a kitchen a dishwasher, a dining area and an oven.
offering a terrace and views of the mountain, shakila guest house is located in batu in the east java region, 500 metres from taman wisata tirta nirwana songgoriti.
featuring beach access and a large outdoor pool, this resort offers spacious guest rooms with a private balcony.
the kurashiki ekimae apa hotel is a 4-minute drive to the kurashiki art museum, and a 5-minute drive to the ohara art museum.
free public parking is available right outside the hotel.
alpin & seeresort by alpen apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in zell am see, 450 metres from the cityxpress cable car.
free of charge, guests have access wi-fi and private parking 70 m from hotel.
the bliss hotel seychelles is only 8 minutes’ drive to beau vallon beach and victoria town’s centre.
there is also an electric kettle.
the bathroom comes with a shower, corner bath, and washing machine.
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
playa blanca is 49 km from villa adelina, while costa teguise is 17 km from the property.
the property also offers grocery delivery.
the sahita luxury residence and villa is 20 minutes’ drive from canggu beach while it takes 30 minutes to drive to the lively seminyak.
it has a 600 m2 big private garden with barbecue facilities, a closed bicycle storage and bike rentals.
car hire service, tour desk, dry cleaning and 24-hour room service is available with at a surcharge.
on request and for free, a pick-up service from san candido train station is provided.
you can rent bicycles on site and horse back riding is available for an extra charge close to the property.
the private bathrooms come with a shower or bath.
the domus is 200 meters away from barberini metro station (line a).
featuring modern furnishings rooms are equipped with a cable flat-screen tv, heating facilities and a writing table.
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
featuring a spacious patio that opens up to the pool, villa clochette offers laundry, ironing and car rental services at an additional charge.
there is free public parking available at the property, and the e40 motorway is a 30-minute drive away.
the self-catering units of aloa golfe de st tropez are within 1 km of shops and restaurants. st tropez is 8 km away, while grimaud port is at a distance of 2 km.
guests benefit from a restaurant and lounge café.
all guest rooms at hotel montemar feature a tv and a private bathroom.
situated in novosibirsk, 3.4 km from glory monument, mini-gostinitsa features free wifi access and free private parking.
please note that reservation is not possible.
cairns city centre and cairns international airport are both a 25 minute drive away.
at only 4 km from brescia’s centre, it offers rooms with flat-screen satellite tv and private bathroom.
it features a furnished balcony and free wi-fi access.
each simply decorated room is equipped with air conditioning and an en suite bathroom.
some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
the island’ port is accessible within a short drive and naxos national airport is approximately 3 km away.
it offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a hot tub.
featuring free wifi in all areas, hefei 99 apartment offers comfortable apartments with a satellite tv. it boasts an outdoor seasonal pool, a garden and a shared kitchen.
each has a piste or forest view from the balcony.
located in the san lorenzo area, it is a 10-minute walk from roma termini train station.
a public indoor pool, a tennis court, and an ice rink are just 200 metres away.
for your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
there is a common living room with a dvd player and a seating area.
offering a hammam, dar souran is located in tangier.
rooms are fitted with a tv and minibar. shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
massage is available.
the classic-style apartment has a tv and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
business travelers will appreciate conveniences like a public computer with internet access and access to copy and fax services.
republic square is 2.8 km from guest house anni, while yerevan cascade is 2 km away.
pulkovo international airport is 19.5 km away.
you will find a coffee machine in the room. every room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet.
florina town lies at a distance of 53 km and the town of kastoria is 40 km from idiston.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
all apartments come with a kitchen and views of the mediterranean sea.
during summer, the alpbachtal-seeland card is included in the price.
a launderette is located on-site at the maples waterfront sorrento.
in the surrounding area, there are quite a few local restaurants for your choice.
3-star hotel ikar is located within a 10-minute walk from poznan old town and only 20 minutes from stary browar shopping centre.
white sun hostel offers ample and comfortable rooms and a dormitory with access to shared bathroom facilities.
tastefully decorated, rooms feature soothing wall colours and offer views of the city or sea.
services like laundry and dry cleaning are provided.
europe square is 400 metres from apartment na mazniashvili, while holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 400 metres from the property.
there is a cash machine as well as on-site laundry facilities.
all rooms have a traditional décor featuring a tatami (woven-straw) floor, low furniture and japanese decorations.
it offers free wi-fi and cable tv.
the hintertux glacier is 7 km away.
it is 15 km from new delhi railway station and indira gandhi international airport.
operating a 24-hour front desk, chungju grand hotel is situated conveniently within 1 km from chungju train station.
other rooms also come with a hydromassage tub.
there are 2 bathrooms including bath tub and shower, and the kitchen-dining room is equipped with a small table, microwave, stove and dishwasher.
airport shuttle services are offered upon request and at a surcharge.
the local area is also home to several wineries, golf courses, museums and hiking trails.
located 100 metres from orangina schweppes headquarters france in levallois-perret, this apartment features a terrace and a garden with a terrace.
free private parking is available on site.
blankenhain golf course is located 2 minutes’ walk away and all guests receive free parking.
tallwoods resort is a 10-minute drive from blackhead beach and less than 25 minutes’ drive from both forster and taree.
encuentro beach is 2.2 km from villa sisa, while cabarete is 6 km away.
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing and snorkelling.
extras include a desk, an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
guests can also relax in the patio or in the garden equipped with bbq facilities and deckchairs.
all brightly decorated rooms come with paintings and large windows. they include a satellite tv and private bathroom, and some rooms are air conditioned.
cavtat is 31 km from apartments vukovic savina.
some units include a seating area and/or terrace.
in summer, guests can enjoy swimming in an outdoor pool, which is a 10-minute walk away, or hike in the heiterwanger hochalm area.
the property houses a restaurant serving daily buffet breakfast.
you will find a kettle in the room.
there is also a restaurant located 2-minute walk from the property which provides guangzhou cuisine.
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, microwave, dishwasher and oven.
the bus stop can be reached within 100 metres.
at suite eco del río you will find a tennis court and a fitness centre. other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
facilities include a guest kitchen and shared bathroom.
rooms and apartments are bright and classically furnished. they all feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
taman is 36 km from guest house tihaya gavan, while vityazevo is 14 km away.
the popular kurfürstendamm shopping street and berlin zoo are within a 15-minute walk of stars. potsdamer platz square and the brandenburg gate are 10 minutes away by underground train.
on request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning.
the hotel provides weekday papers to guests.
reus airport is 24 km from the property.
free wifi is offered .
just 20 metres from a forest and lake, this peaceful hotel in novosibirsk features local cuisine.
both bathrooms on the property are equipped with hot water and showers, a six person whirlpool tub is also available.
the fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator.
the kitchen features an oven.
they feature heating and private bathrooms.
set on the beach of bocas del toro archipelago in colon island, hotel vista mar is 450 metres from simon bolivar park.
baleal spot is a hotel located 50 metres from baleal beach with a restaurant and bar on site.
the 2-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv and air conditioning.
plaza de ayuntamento square is 1 km from the apartments roni.
braşov is 32.6 km from romanita holiday house, while poiana braşov is 27.4 km away.
the property offers free parking.
sukhothai ancient city is just a 3-minute drive from wattanawan resort.
supermarkets, restaurants and cafés can be found within a short walk.
kalamies beach is 1.1 km from anastasia hotel apartments, while sunrise beach is 1.3 km from the property.
each will provide you with a private bathroom with free toiletries and flat-screen cable tv.
with free private parking, this air-conditioned property features a furnished sun terrace with sea views and bbq facilities.
after a day of exploring, relax in the hotel's heated outdoor pool.
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
the rooms at ibis paris la villette cité des sciences have a satellite tv and a telephone.
gum department store is 2.8 km from irbis hostel, while saint basil's cathedral is 2.9 km away.
the apartment is air-conditioned and comes with a furnished patio.
accommodation at copa hostel includes male and female dormitories with air conditioning, a fan, individual lockers and the use of a shared bathroom.
campo de’ fiori square, with its pubs and historic food market is 300 metres away.
continental breakfasts are served in the on-site restaurant, and there is also a bar in the hotel.
bed linen and towels are provided.
the guestrooms offered by the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
the riad is 400 metres from el badi palace, 600 metres from bahia palace and 700 metres from saadian tombs.
attractions such as albert museum, jantar mantar and the city palace are within 6 km of itc rajputana. jaigarh fort and amber fort are 16 km away.
this resort is 5 km from the supa dam, 10 km from kali river and 20 km from sangam falls. the kavala cave is 70 km. the dandeli bus station is 22 km and the hubli railway station is 72 km.
pousada aloha brasil is located only 70 metres from the beach and 30 metres from vila principal.
free on-site parking and a children’s playground are both provided in front of the building.
guests may park motorbikes for free in a private garage.
the mas museum is 2 km and sportpaleis is 5.7 km from the accommodation.
cordoba airport is 150 km away and mina clavero bus terminal is 600 metres away.
delfinia resort is located in kolymbia, on the east coast of rhodes near the beautiful beach with water sports facilities.
turbel cave hotel is situated in a restored stone building in cavusin village.
free wifi is provided .
a continental breakfast is offered daily and can be taken in the dining room or in the garden.
it includes free wifi in all areas.
a dishwasher and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
located along the vibrant silom road, hq hostel offers trendy yet affordable accommodation. it features free wireless internet access in the lobby area, an internet cafe and a sports bar.
passeggiate romane is 200 metres from roma san pietro train station.
all the neatly decorated rooms at hotel richmond include a writing desk and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
guests can enjoy drinks and karaoke at the bar.
each includes a kitchenette with mini oven, fridge and coffee maker.
the popular paulista avenue, with many entertainment options, is just 3 km away.
within 10 km, you can visit the beach of psakoudia, while the seaside village of nikiti is at 8 km.
ljubljana airport can be reached in 140 km.
the homelike rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels, and hot drinks facilities.
the nearest train stop is just a few steps away.
each individually decorated room is equipped with free wi-fi.
the hotel is located a 5-minute drive from the airport.
tuileries garden is 1.5 km from appartment rue du cherche-midi, while notre dame cathedral is 1.7 km away.
the inn is 1 km from jr nara train station and 1.6 km from todai-ji temple.
restaurants, banks and shops are within a 5-minute walk.
tempo - teatro municipal de portimão is 900 metres from apt portimão t2, while portimao jesuit college is 1 km away.
the sea town of fano is a 20-minute drive from marche holiday hill.
the town of noya is just 16 km away, while the city of santiago is 40 km away.
billiards and darts are available for guest entertainment, and business facilities are provided.
various local eateries can be found within walking distance of the hostel.
a flat-screen cable tv with satellite channels is featured in each room at the moose jaw ramada.
hotel do canal is just 10 minutes’ walk from the horta marina and is a 10-minute drive from horta airport.
murtala muhammed international airport is 30 minutes' drive away.
breakfast is provided as a buffet and it consists of cereal, fresh fruit, and homemade cakes, together with cheese and ham.
iconic são jorge castle is just 550 metres’ distance.
the closest public transport station is only a 5-minute walk from penzion u gigantu, from which guests can visit major local attractions such as st. bartholomew's cathedral and the pilsner urquell brewery.
located in villány, in the barany wine region, eckhardt vendégház offers free wifi and a free shuttle service from the train and bus station, 1.4 km away.
each bright room at hotel rural el refugio has rustic décor with handcrafted furnishings.
each apartment at chacarita new is fitted with a fully-equipped kitchen, a wardrobe, air conditioning and a full bathroom.
this chelsea district, manhattan hotel is within a 15-minute walk of madison square garden.
in front of the diplomat hotel, a pleasant rocky beach is ideal for bathing, swimming, and practising water sports.
some bedrooms come with a dvd player.
featuring free wi-fi and air conditioning, sirius apartments is 200 metres from the zira shopping centre, where you can find a bus stop, supermarket and many shops and restaurants.
it features 2 outdoor pools, a large fitness centre, a restaurant serving international cuisine and various bars.
wattay international airport is a 30-minute drive away.
it accommodates up to six guests and offers a whirlpool and steam bath.
a ticket service and luggage storage are offered at los montes guest house.
the amsterdam city ring a10 is only 9 km away from the hotel.
the private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and horse riding.
apartments at the appartamenti ca' rezzonico come with air conditioning and a tv with satellite channels and dvd player.
the crown inn is dog friendly and well-behaved dogs are welcome in the rooms and throughout the pub, apart from in the restaurant.
it features an outdoor pool, 3 dining options and villas with private balcony.
at the foot of mount vitosha, hotel berlin park vitosha is a 10-minute drive from sofia's centre and 20 minutes from sofia airport.
each room features tea/coffee making facilities, table and chairs, refrigerator and toaster. ironing facilities, en suite bathroom with hairdryer, and an outdoor table with chairs are provided.
in rattendorf, 2 km from the millennium express cable car in the nassfeld ski arena and 100 metres from a ski bus stop, gasthof-appartement reiter offers apartments with modern facilities, including a flat-screen cable tv, a dishwasher and a microwave.
situated 800 metres from loarre castle, this charming rural guest house offers free wi-fi and a terrace overlooking the castle and surrounding mountains. flat-screen satellite tv is included in each room.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
also there is a washing machine.
guests are welcome to work out in the gym or use the business center.
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge.
murcia airport is less than 20 minutes’ drive away.
a variety of bars, restaurants and grocery shops can be found in the centre of sveti lovreč.
the solar powered family run hotel, offers guests wi-fi internet access everywhere in the hotel and transfer to the port and the airport.
there is a 24-hour front desk, concierge service, gift shop, and shops at the property.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with grocery delivery and packed lunches available on request.
located in the picturesque town of pylos, the family-run hotel anezina offers self-catering accommodation with panoramic views over the navarino bay and the island of sfaktiria. the beach is a 10-minute walk and pylos castle is within walking distance.
free wifi is provided .
it offers well-equipped studios with tvs.
all rooms at balconies daylesford have an en suite bathroom with shower, bathrobes and a hairdryer.
hotel iq timisoara is situated in a quiet residential area of southern timisoara.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, albi's apartment is set in sarandë, 29 km from corfu town.
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
the property is just 1.1 km from naiharn lake.
the closest bus stop is within 300 metres and the railway station of brasov is reachable on foot in about 20 minutes.
the staff at 24-hour front desk can arrange car and bicycle rental, while they can also provide information on water activities, such as diving and canoeing.
the angamaly railway station and angamaly bus station are 5 km.
a range of beers and wines can be found at the bar.
ognyanovo bus station can be found 200 metres away and a 15-mintute drive will take you to leshten and kovachevitsa.
it has a garden and a shared kitchen.
the building is surrounded by spacious yard.
rooms are equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen tv and towels are provided.
each room has access to a shared toilet.
the hotel can even organise wine-tasting sessions for you.
the nearest beaches are 200 metres away.
a light buffet breakfast is offered daily in the dining area, and drinks are available at vending machines.
the inn is 500 metres from tian fu square, 1 km from chun xi road and 1.4 km from wenshu monastery.
this hotel is within 15 minutes’ drive of marina del rey.
cam ranh international airport is 27 km away.
there is one meeting room, with the hotel able to accommodate 20 people for conferences.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
the two-bedroom house consists of a living room with a fireplace, a seating corner and a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 3-minute walk of the property.
the nearest train station is reachable within 2 km.
ideally located in the central area, ningbo teckon continental hotel is 900 metres from baiyun park and a 7-minute drive from tianyi pavilion museum.
each room comes with a flat-screen tv.
guests can enjoy meals and a drink in the hotel terrace or in the lounge.
at new village lodge, the friendly staff can assist with laundry services, day trips and tour arrangements.
featuring a private balcony, the living and sleeping area comes with a flat-screen tv and double bed.
the hostel has a shared dining room with a microwave, small oven and fridge.
downtown ventura, california is 20 minutes from hampton inn & suites camarillo.
the rooms also offer mountain views and views of the old medina.
some have a private bathroom with a shower.
all rooms are non-smoking and include a refrigerator, clock radio and tea/coffee maker.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
rooms at the auberge have cable tv, a dvd player, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
camboinhas beach is only 10 metres away.
free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
free wifi access is available, along with free parking at the rear of the property.
located in luxor, arabesque house apartment is a 30-minute drive from luxor international airport and luxor train station.
the accommodation is spread over 2 independent floorss.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
tukama hostel offers budget accommodation in manizales, just a 3 minutes’ walk away from the ‘zona rosa’ and only 1 block away from santander avenue.
free wi-fi is offered in all rooms.
complete with a microwave, the rooms are equipped with a refrigerator.
set 200 metres from santes creus monastery, albergue pere el gran is located 35 km from tarragona.
some rooms also have panoramic views of the countryside.
arcachon sncf train station is 250 metres from the residhome arcachon plazza.
laundry and trouser press services are available. the property offers free parking.
supermarkets and various restaurants are 300 metres from apartmany nowy.
each room includes a flat-screen tv. you will find a coffee machine in the room.
the unit fitted with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
the rooms are equipped with a satellite tv, dvd player and safety deposit box. an electric kettle and minibar are included in all rooms.
istanbul ataturk airport is around 20 km away.
six flags new england is 15 miles away. the volleyball hall of fame is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
the grand palace and temple of the golden mount are a 15-minute drive from ton-aor place.
a cash machine is located on site.
guests can cook in the kitchen, and various cafes and restaurants can be found within walking distance of the accommodation.
free wifi access is available.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and darts.
guests can reach the cable car, the heated public pools, a tennis court, and ski and bicycle rentals within a 5-minute walk.
offering a barbecue and terrace, albufeira apartments jardins santa maria is situated in albufeira in the algarve region, 1.7 km from albufeira marina.
a train station and the weisshorn cable car station are 800 metres away, and the hörnli cable car station is 3.2 km away.
the resort features a restaurant, free wi-fi and cosy rooms with a balcony.
guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
in a quiet residential area of vinohrady in prague, 500 metres from the náměstí míru metro and tram stop and 550 metres from the wenceslas square, apartment vinohrady offers self-catered accommodation with free wi-fi, a washing machine and a microwave.
laundry, fax and photocopying services are available in the hotel.
luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk. fax and photocopying services are also available.
this guest house features both free wifi and free private parking.
grocery shops and restaurants can be found in the town and the edge of the dordogne river is a 10-minute drive away.
guests can relax by the pool, in the steam bath or in the café and lounge.
it offers a charming garden, large south-west-facing terrace and free wifi throughout.
car and bike rental service is also available for guests who wish to explore the area.
staff can also help arrange tours.
kleines haus karon beach phuket features comfortable accommodation with modern facilities.
facing banderas bay, peninsula 18-b is a property offering private beach, outdoor infinity pool, hot tub, and concierge services.
punta cana international airport is 23 km away.
free private parking is available on site.
ban thach riverside hotel offers accommodation in tam ky, 36 km from hoi an.
feature asian-inspired décor and a private balcony with views of the pool.
the unit is fitted with a kitchen. a tv is provided.
a washing machine and tumble drier are also available.
copernicus science center is 3.1 km from suchodolska place, while legia warsaw stadium is 3.3 km away.
ristevata guest house enjoys a central location in kovachevitsa and offers a garden with free barbecue facilities and free luggage storage.
church of the savior on spilled blood is 3.1 km from apartments on ligovsky 130, while saint isaac's cathedral is 3.3 km from the property.
central kiev is accessible from the nyvky metro station, located 2 km from the hotel.
the next train station is 6 km away.
room service is provided.
rooms offering sea views and free wifi are available at shobetan's place. 100 metres from the rizal memorial sports complex, the property has an indoor pool and its own restaurant.
a mini market is conveniently located on site. complimentary wi-fi is provided in public areas of the property.
they feature a balcony or patio and, depending on the floor they are situated on, offer views of the pool area and courtyard, or the caribbean sea.
housing comfortable and contemporary accommodation, the hotel also provides free wireless internet access, a garden and a traditional yet refined restaurant that uses regional and natural ingredients from local businesses; the family has a long-established culinary heritage dating back to 1860.
there is also free on-site parking.
24-hour room service is also available.
the bathroom has a hairdryer.
towels and bed linen are available at moradia rústica.
these apartments in new york city are 2 blocks from penn station.
family-run helen and hanna’s place is situated within a 10-minute walk of the tallinn old town.
en suite bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities.
the hotel also has its own barbecue hut.
de zilte zeeuw is a hotel in the centre of a picturesque village on noord beveland in the province of zeeland, only 10 minutes from delta werken by car.
it departs from the hotel every 15 minutes.
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport, 8 km from apartament parku moczydło.
each of the spacious rooms has a unique layout and colour scheme.
air-conditioned bedrooms are fitted with a flat-screen cable tv, sofa, private balcony and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
pensjonat perła polanicy is located in polanica zdrój, among a green, picturesque zdrojowy park and offers warmly decorated rooms with free wi-fi.
each comes with a tv, together with a hairdryer in the private bathroom.
all units offer sea views and come with air conditioning.
the vaulted room comes with a tv and ps3 with 20 games. the bathroom has a walk-in shower and there is a living room with a corner sofa.
guest house miya domodedovo is located in domodedovo and just over a 10-minute walk from vzlyotnaya train station.
towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
each spacious room features mountains views, free wi-fi and flat-screen tv.
a grocery shop is set 500 metres away. the centre of ohrid is located 7 km away.
all rooms feature a warm décor and come with free wifi access.
rooms have exposed-beam ceilings, iron beds and tiled floors.
the ski bus stop is a 10-minute walk away.
a shuttle service to and from rockhampton airport, which is 45 kilometres away, is available.
luck you kyoto features free wifi throughout the property.
there is a private bathroom and the well-equipped kitchenette includes a fridge, microwave and washing machine.
set on a former farm, this family-run b&b has a geothermal hot tub in the garden, a fully equipped guest kitchen and a lounge.
all rooms feature a flat-screen tv and tea/coffee facilities.
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
babysitting services are available, at an extra cost. also at an extra fee, guided tours of the city are provided for guests of the river house.
guests can also enjoy a homemade four-course meal upon request, which can be served on the terrace or in the dining room.
towels and bed linen are available.
niyat offers a full buffet breakfast with fresh juices and croissants.
parking is available for free.
surrounded by many bars, restaurants and shops, dflat escultor madrid apartments is within walking distance of important museums and buildings.
free toiletries are provided in individual packets.
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
decorated with tiled floors and wooden fittings, apartments at hotel lagos al sur apart feature spacious seating areas with upholstered armchairs.
durango & silverton narrow gauge railroad & museum is 42.2 km from the apartment.
some apartments come with a balcony and partial garden views.
green guest house also includes a barbecue.
this holiday home at villa giuseppe will provide you with a seating area, an equipped kitchenette and a washing machine.
asia cha-am hotel is a 2.30-hrs drive from suvarnabhumi airport.
private bathrooms also come with a shower.
free private parking is available on site.
galeão international airport is 16 km away, and the sugar loaf hill is 7 km from the property.
the nearest airport is vaclav havel prague airport, 11 km from the property.
the on site restaurant serves a wide variety of local dishes.
breakfast and dinner are available on request for a surcharge.
all accommodation at buonamici residence features a tv and private bathroom.
you are ideally located to spend the day at the nearby aquapark or for racing your friends at the go-karting track.
all apartments comprise an equipped kitchen with dining area, a flat-screen satellite tv and a private bathroom.
at tsukuba epochal okura frontier hotel, guests can use the coin launderette, get a relaxing massage at a surcharge or use the free luggage storage service.
this holiday home is 15 km from thiviers and 65 km from bergerac.
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is served daily in the common area, including cold cuts and cheese, together with hot beverages and pastries.
breakfast is provided daily and can be taken on the terrace with a garden view.
guests can choose between continental and full irish options.
the restaurant serves local dishes. it also has an international menu for guests’ convenience.
the uniquely-decorated apartments feature a flat-screen tv in the living area, along with a sofa.
featuring several museums, bialik square, is only a 7-minute walk from the property.
the kantoria restaurant serves traditional polish meals.
some rooms at the premier inn bracknell (twin bridges) can take 2 adults and up to 2 children (under 16 years).
skegness is just over 1 hour’s drive from the cathedral city of lincoln.
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
morning newspapers are provided daily and local travel tips are offered at the concierge desk.
the american airlines arena, the dallas zoo and wet 'n wild water park are also a short drive away.
free wi-fi access is available in the entire property and free parking is provided.
some of the apartments also have a private terrace.
decorated in white and beige tones, this air-conditioned holiday home offers a seating area with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels. there is a bright dining area and the kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
the nearest airport is lensk airport, 6 km from economy hotel fortuna.
the living room has a flat-screen tv and dvd player.
el campin stadium is 2.6 km away.
guests can enjoy free access to tennis courts and table tennis facilities.
yitel beijing beiqijia is a 28-minute drive from nanluoguxiang, featuring accommodation with free wi-fi.
there is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
each air-conditioned room here will provide you with tile/marble flooring.
a private parking is available on site.
a refrigerator and a work desk are included in every simply furnished room at the harmony house. a private en suite bathroom is offered in all rooms.
the venetian port of chania is a 20-minute walk away, while many cretan taverns and cafes can be found within walking distance. souda port is at 6 km.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including table tennis.
the property boasts views of the mountain is 600 metres from feodosiya.
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet in the lobby area.
situated close to the sea coast in the beautiful green surroundings, kassari puhkekeskus offers accommodation with a large sauna and private terraces.
boasting a full kitchen and free wifi, this apartment provides spectacular views of las vegas.
city house alisas has a café-restaurant open until late.
a washing machine is provided.
located in a recently restored building from the 40’s, the coolhostel is 100 metres from the picturesque bolhão market.
it offers air-conditioned rooms with free wi-fi, a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a minibar.
located 2 km from honfleur, le clos st germain provides a self-catering holiday home surrounded by a 1500 m2 landscaped garden and views of the surrounding valley.
deribasovskaya street is 500 metres from apartment on vorontsovs'kyi lane 9, while odessa archaeological museum is 500 metres away.
each room is also furnished with a work desk and coffee maker.
staybridge suites lafayette-airport offers self-catering suites with free wi-fi and a flat-screen tv, just 2.2 miles from lafayette regional airport.
the guest house offers lunch and dinner, and organizes themed culinary evenings and barbecues.
public parking is available in the surroundings at extra charge, and guests can request a discounted pass in advance.
this hostel is situated on the top-floor of norrköping central station, 10 minutes’ walk from the museum of labour.
lukhovitsy is 23 km away.
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
at aba apartamenty you will find a garden.
in the luckai restaurant, down-to-earth, regional dishes as well as asian specialities and seasonal specialities are on offer.
heavenly mountain ski resort is a 6-minute drive away.
there are many bars, restaurants and supermarkets nearby.
bed linen and towels are provided.
the unit equipped with a kitchenette with an oven and fridge.
the rooms have a private bathroom that comes with a shower and free toiletries.
set 500 metres from barcelona port, klonkis i is an apartment with free wifi and free private parking.
this is an entirely non-smoking property with a designated smoking area.
flisvos marina is 2 km from alexei's apartment, while syntagma square is 7 km away.
the hotel is 900 metres from uzungol lake and trabzon airport is 88 km away.
this stylish hotel offers an indoor pool and attractive rooms with free wi-fi and a plasma-screen satellite tv. it is just 6 km from cerler, in the pyrenees’ benasque valley.
the kitchenette features a microwave, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
the city art gallery bwa is 80 metres from the property and the airport is 4.5 km away.
a private bathroom is featured in each room, while some boast balconies overlooking the sea.
a full kitchen equipped with a hob and oven is included in each modern apartment.
fitted with clean linen sheets, air-conditioned rooms are furnished with heating facilities and a seating area.
every room is equipped with a tv. you will find a kettle in the room.
less than 1 mile from central great bend, kansas, this hotel offers an indoor pool and hot tub on site.
backpackers san pedro hostel & excursions is 13 km from moon valley and 98 km from el loa airport.
guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
the spa centre includes a heated indoor pool, a sauna and a turkish bath. beauty treatments and massages are also available.
children and special diet menus can be requested.
all of the modern and comfortable en suite rooms receive plenty of natural daylight and have large working desks.
a wide variety of caribbean and international cuisine is available.
free private parking is available on site.
galeao international airport is 11 km away.
mont-orford national park is just 2 minutes’ drive away.
just 600 metres from the cn tower, otto's house hostel is centrally located in the city of toronto.
the air-conditioned rooms of la boutique - adult only feature elegant interiors and french balconies overlooking the mediterranean sea.
the apartment includes a bedroom, a living room with a sofa bed, a tv, an equipped kitchen and a dining table, and a bathroom.
the apartment is composed of a separate bedroom, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
free public parking is also possible on site.
each will provide you with a flat-screen tv, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
each apartment has a living room with a sofa and flat-screen tv. the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
galeao international airport is located 23 km away.
agriturismo le fratte is a converted farmhouse which was built in 1400.
parking is available for free.
other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for snorkelling.
guests can relax on the playa mar’s terrace and make use of barbecue facilities in the pine forest opposite.
the yes paradise is a 10-minute drive from kandy’s city centre and kandy bus station.
free public parking is available in front of the property.
set on the ss 16 national road, it offers rooms with a balcony, and free parking.
this hotel-ship departures from manaus port on mondays and fridays.
toncontin airport is located 4.3 km from the accommodation.
there is a restaurant on site, as well as a barbecue in the garden.
it is a 15-minute walk from macau ferry terminal and the outlying island pier.
free wi-fi is provided in the entire building.
it offers a fully equipped unit with flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
free on-site private parking, shared lounge, kitchen and dining area are offered at this property.
located on the main road in al murayr, 1.5 km from the beaches of the gulf of oman, wajaja hotel apartment features a restaurant and air-conditioned apartments.
every room comes with a tv with satellite channels.
the air-conditioned guestrooms have cable tv.
klaipėda is 35 km from the property.
breakfast is served each morning.
this pet-friendly motel also offers a 24-hour front desk and laundry facilities.
frideric chopin's monument is 2.6 km from wierzbno hostel, while royal łazienki park is 2.7 km from the property.
free parking is possible on site.
vincent is a self-catering apartment that offers free wifi in all areas.
this features a gym and different saunas.
a coffee maker and a work desk are included in each room at sandman inn & suites kamloops.
the inn driftwood also provides copy and fax services at the front desk.
it offers simply furnished rooms with free wi-fi, cable tv and hairdryers.
the apartments offer a satellite tv and dishwasher, and free wi-fi is provided throughout.
it offers rooms with balcony and a free ski bus service.
the nearest airport is tagbilaran airport, 10 km from the property.
st. adalbert's hospital is 1.8 km from apartament neptun park, while olivia hall is 2.7 km away.
a spa centre with an olympic pool and a sauna can be reached within a 2-minute walk and guests enjoy discounted access rates.
there is also a barbecue outside.
the beautifully groomed garden surrounding the villa is set around a large pampering seasonal swimming pool, with armchairs and hammocks hidden beneath shady trees, offering complete tranquility.
the air-conditioned, soundproofed rooms have lift access and feature a flat screen tv with satellite channels, a telephone and a safety deposit box.
seaglass tower features an outdoor pool and indoor pool as well as a hot tub.
the hotel also provides 24-hour in-room dining services.
all apartments at hara are air conditioned and have a kitchenette with a mini oven, small fridge and dining table.
a kitchen is included.
car rental arrangements as well as an airport transfer service can all be provided for an extra charge.
featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
the tuscan-style simply furnished rooms come with parquet floors, exposed wood-beamed ceilings, and a flat-screen tv.
this 2nd floor apartment features an outdoor dining area where you can relax while overlooking the river.
just 3 km from dublin airport, lorcan lodge offers free parking and free wi-fi only 5 km from dublin’s centre.
visitors can enjoy the on-site snack bar at the rockville red roof inn.
a bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge.
all rooms have views of the mediterranean sea.
some units include a kitchenette with cooking hobs.
you can enjoy sea views.
this family-run bed and breakfast is situated in the centre of wervershoof, just over 20 minutes’ drive from hoorn.
recreation facilities at the resort include a fitness centre for working out and karaoke.
au presbytère resto-gîte is a former presbytery in sainte-rose-du-nord.
tomsk-1 and tomsk-2 train stations are within 4.5 km away.
located on the edge of the kimberley big hole, this 4-star hotel offers luxurious rooms with a flat-screen tv.
the area around mosebacke hostel has many shops, bars and restaurants.
the bathroom is private and has a shower.
st austell can be reached in 15 minutes, and the cornish coast is just 7 miles away.
istanbul ataturk airport is located 19.5 km away.
each room is fitted with a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
guests receive a welcome pack on arrival, whilst there is also a washing machine, bed linen and towels.
each room at the property features air-conditioning and a bathroom with free toiletries.
laundry and transfer services are available.
motor inn james street is 2.2 km from cob & co museum, and 1.7 km from grand central shopping centre.
apartament lawendowe wzgórze is a self-catering accommodation located in gdańsk.
armenian genocide museum is 1.8 km from apartments on mashtots avenue, while blue mosque is 500 metres away.
city center apartment is located in 5 minutes’ walk from botanical gardens and 10 minutes’ walk from adastra gardens.
the nearest beach is la marinedda 1.5 km from the property.
the rooms are attractively decorated according to cycladic tradition, which is in keeping with the natural environment.
at arrastão you will find a 24-hour front desk, garden and barbecue facilities.
at wangcome hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
hot park water park is 28 km away.
an ocean view along with a private balcony is offered in each simply furnished room at boardwalk terrace ocean city.
checa is 18 km from apartamentos el pajar del abuelo and molina de aragon is a 35-minute drive away.
crocus expo is 1.5 km away, and myakinino metro station is 2 km away.
disney’s animal kingdom theme park is 18.6 km away.
stone-built traditional xenonas archontoula is centrally located in the scenic village of palaios panteleimonas on the slopes of mount olympus.
traditionally decorated, the rooms at la cure du maine charlesall have a garden view.
free wifi is provided .
all accommodations are non-smoking and feature a microwave, a small refrigerator and tea and coffee-making facilities.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
the restaurant serves european dishes and the bar has a broad selection of wines.
there is also a beauty salon, a business centre and a travel desk.
upon arrival guests receive home baked cookies.
located in arezzo, 600 metres from piazza grande, le casine di betti bellamaria boasts a terrace and views of the garden.
la pinta beach is 300 metres away.
the game room has an air hockey table and a pool table.
guests are offered air-conditioned accommodation with a tv.
the rooms have a flat-screen tv.
the classic-style apartment has a washing machine and cable tv.
ms. gene’s place, the victorian-styled restaurant and lounge, is on site and serves alaskan inspired seafood specials.
it houses a restaurant that serves indian, continental and chinese dishes.
gdynia główna railway station is just 1.9 km away.
rooms offer 20-inch lcd tvs and free wi-fi.
empoli is 30 km away.
they come with a kitchen and a bathroom.
this family resort in neddesitz, just a 10-minute drive from the baltic sea, offers free wifi and 85 hectares of sport and leisure facilities.
sudak is 26 km from kristal, while feodosiya is 13 km from the property.
the lily pad inn is 1 km from cang mountain, 4 km from three pagodas and 8 km from erhai lake.
los angeles international airport is 15 km away.
the tranquil location of almograve village allows a restful stay by the sea.
the apartment features a tv, sofa and self-catering facilities such as a stove and a fridge.
at cabañas punta gruesa guests will find a communal sauna.
guests can spend the day by the pool or pay a visit to the fitness centre. there is also a spa and a private beach area to enjoy the peace and quiet to the fullest.
siena is 42 km from the santa lucia fonti, while florence airport is a 50-minute drive away.
guarded parking is available free of charge at the bystrička hotel as well.
free private parking is available on site.
guests are able to prepare their own meals since each apartment has a fully equipped kitchenette which includes a dolce gusto coffee machine, a refrigerator, a toaster and a microwave.
swanage train station is a 5-minute walk away.
the jerte valley is 36 km from the hotel, and plasencia is 30 km away.
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
dubai airport is 30 minutes by car from key one homes-ocean heights tower.
the train stops at roma ostiense train station, located 1 km from the b&b.
mandala international youth hostel is a 10-minute walk from yang erchenamu museum.
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and seating area. there is a full kitchen with a dining table.
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen tv with cable channels. certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
there is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven, fridge and stovetop.
this holiday home is located just 500 metres from the centre of winterberg which is known for its winter sports.
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
featuring a private, furnished balcony and a contemporary design, each air-conditioned room includes a flat-screen cable tv. the private bathroom includes a modern walk-in shower and free toiletries.
slippers, free toiletries and a shower can be found in the private bathroom.
the holiday home is spread over 3 levels, and comes equipped with modern facilities, 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. these include a large lcd tv with satellite and cable channels and a dvd player, as well as with a dishwasher, a microwave and a washing machine.
these spacious apartments are located in the village of huben in tyrol’s ötz valley, just a 10-minute drive from sölden.
coyote creek golf club and gilroy premium outlet mall are both a 12-minute drive away.
located in yekaterinburg, just steps from chkalovskaya metro station, abbeville apartment 8 marta 127 offers self-catering accommodation with free wifi access.
a free continental breakfast is served daily.
it is also possible to eat on the garden terrace in warm weather.
set in the historic centre of naples, the bellini house b&b is located next to piazza bellini square.
the restaurant serves international cuisine, and guests can also admire views of saint malo bay with a drink from the bar.
pulkovo airport is 26 km from the property.
auberge bromont is less than 2 km from ski bromont.
a flat-screen tv is available.
free wi-fi access is available in all areas.
it takes 15 minutes to get to wanlv park by taxi.
guests can enjoy a game of tennis in the communal courts, or enjoy the serenity offered by the landscaped gardens of the complex.
decorated in soft tones, all rooms feature a view of the garden or hills, a flat-screen tv, wardrobe and desk.
gdansk lech walesa airport is 29 km from the property.
the ice palace is 12 minutes’ drive away, and cherepovets airport is 30 minutes by car from the hotel.
the hotel is located 100 metres from mui ne market and 17 km from phan thiet market and the city centre.
hotel is 650 metres from goreme open air museum and located in goreme national park – a unesco world heritage site – offers a glimpse of the area’s magnificent beauty.
there are comfortable common areas, wi-fi is free and the town’s main square is 200 metres from the hotel.
the hotel is 3 km from paragominas bus station and 1 km from downtown paragominas.
cosy air-conditioned rooms have plenty of natural light. all are well equipped with a flat-screen cable tv, minibar and personal safe.
thu do hotel has a tour desk which helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions.
featuring an outdoor pool, alma in the galilee is located in chorazim.
located in the centre of pernera resort, lee apartment is part of a complex with an outdoor pool and a restaurant.
each unit offers a fully equipped kitchen and free wi-fi.
set 1.5 km from zagreb airport, rooms garden zagreb airport offers air-conditioned rooms in velika gorica. free wifi access and free parking are available.
two parking places are available on the plot.
guests can attend an event at the jobing.com arena or watch a race at the phoenix international raceway.
all rooms at ti paradis feature stylish contemporary décor, air conditioning and private bathrooms.
guests can enjoy the sea-view terrace and the bbq facilities on site.
the hostel also offers bike hire.
the property is 300 metres from rio tercero dam.
with an ideal location inside the walls of the historic city of évora, albergaria do calvário is a 4-star hotel housed in a 16th century olive oil mill.
free parking is provided at the clos de mutigny, making it easily to explore the champagne region by car.
this premiere classe hotel is located in lezennes, a 10-minute drive from the centre of lille and a 4-minute drive from the a1 motorway.
guests can unwind with a cup of green tea or a video-on-demand movie.
palace square is 2.5 km from apartments alina on nevskiy pr-t 79, while hermitage museum is 2.6 km from the property.
it offers a communal terrace.
hiking and cycling trails start right outside.
adler-sochi international airport is 40 km away.
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
located in the historic centre of olomouc, penzion arigone offers rooms with a flat-screen satellite tv and free adsl internet.
designed in chinese and portuguese colonial styles, pavilion songkhla hotel is located at the scenic port of songkhla.
rooms at pensao rosinha art gallery house are individually styled and feature a shared bathroom with a hairdryer.
sassari is 24 km from antica pensione pinna, while tula is 31 km from the property.
guests of the alpenhof can enjoy a relaxing all organic massage or body treatment.
the en suite bathroom is complete with free toiletries.
each of these self-contained villas includes a lounge area with tv and sofa, ceiling fans, heating and private barbecue facilities.
the accommodation is individually decorated in moroccan tones and features an en suite bathroom with a shower.
if you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out yacht port (800 metres) and puck city stadium (1 km).
guests can relax in the shared tv room and then enjoy a billiards game when days are colder.
free private parking is available on site.
the hotel is easily accessible from sofia international airport (10km) and the central railway station (7km).
they have provencal-style decor and a private bathroom with bathtub and hairdryer.
the living room has patio doors that open out to a juliet balcony that looks out over the river.
a wide variety of restaurants serving regional and international cuisine can be reached in a 2-minute walk.
the stylish rooms and suites at the leonardo royal hotel mannheim come with a refrigerator, air conditioning, and a safe.
julius nyerere international airport is a 2.5-hour drive away.
each has a patio with wooden outdoor furniture.
guests can also use a shared living room with coffee and tea amenities free of charge.
the on-site restaurant serves mediterranean and asian specialities for lunch and a menu featuring local dishes for dinner.
the property is a 5-minute walk from bab boujloud gate.
facilities at the sofitel strasbourg grande ile include a fitness centre and meeting rooms.
with direct beach access, this hotel is just 100 metres from the mediterranean sea.
they all have a private balcony with garden views.
the mattala rajapaksa international airport is 80 km away.
at barokowy zakątek you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
santiago international airport is located 14 km from the property.
agriturismo fenilnovo is set in a tranquil rural area 3 km from porto mantovano, inside mincio natural park.
there are 2 pubs and a café within a 5-minute walk of the property.
a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
featuring a fireplace and exposed wooden beams, this air-conditioned house includes a spacious seating area with satellite tv and a dining area that opens onto a terrace.
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is available daily and includes fruit juices, cappuccinos, cold cuts, cheeses, and pastries.
you can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather.
guests have access to a shared lounge.
featuring free wifi and air conditioning, raisa's apartment on saryan 29 is situated in yerevan. republic square is 800 metres from the property.
you can play a game of table tennis and pool at himeros club hotel.
bukovel ski resort is 30 km from chalet mont blanc, and ivano-frankovsk airport is 50 minutes’ drive away.
located off highway 20, this rimbey, alberta hotel offers an indoor pool with a water slide and serves a daily continental breakfast. pas-ka-poo historical park is 3 minutes’ drive away.
the spacious lounge-diner has a fireplace, sofas and flat-screen tv with international satellite channels.
a supermarket, ice-skating rink, tobogganing slope, spa baths and the bad gastein golf club are all within a 3-minute drive away.
some rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
guests receive discounts on car rental and on courses and activities organized on site.
the nearest airport is cam ranh international airport, 26 km from henry guest house.
there is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
at meryland you will find a garden and a shared kitchen.
all cottages have a private bathroom with shower and toilet, and a seating area with a flat-screen tv. they also have a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, toaster, microwave, refrigerator, coffee machine and dishwasher.
the property includes a table tennis and a patio with a hot tub and sauna.
outdoor parking is free, and a garage is available at extra cost.
london heathrow airport is a 15-minute taxi ride away.
de buiten bij offers the possibility to choose between 2 different accommodations: there is the ‘hotelhuisje’ with a private bathroom and the ‘bloemenhuisje’ which has shared bathroom facilities.
aston manado hotel is in the city centre, within walking distance of shops and with views of manado tua island.
the castles around füssen lie only 20 km away.
rooms are air conditioned with private balcony.
perched on the hills of buda, the rustic-style dream homes private villa offers an indoor pool, a hot tub sauna and free wifi.
the internacional design hotel overlooks rossio square, a lively piazza with many restaurants, bars and shopping opportunities.
melbourne airport is a 1-more drive away.
the rooms feature a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom.
a breakfast buffet is served at the guest house.
ski storage and meeting room can be arranged at the hotel.
nestled on an idyllic hillside overlooking the sea and angthong national marine park, baan faa sai villa is a four-bedroom villa with a private 100-sqm infinity swimming pool.
free coffee is provided every morning at this pet-friendly motel.
you can play table tennis at this guest house, and the area is popular for hiking.
the beautiful beaches on the basque coast are less than 20 minutes’ drive from the hotel. bilbao airport is 19 km away.
each includes a dining area and a bathroom with shower.
guests can relax with a drink in the bar.
decorated with tiled floors and light-wood furniture, each room features a tv and a complete bathroom with a bathrobe, hairdryer and toiletries.
free public parking is available at a location nearby.
it has a green garden.
free wifi is provided throughout the property.
all units feature a cable flat-screen tv. some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
towels and bed linen are offered.
along the croisette you will find many shops and restaurants.
wolf creek ski area is 20 minutes’ drive from windsor hotel & restaurant.
this farm stay produces its own honey and olive oil.
the snack bar serves international recipes.
the private bathroom is complete with a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
at hotel la mochica you will find a 24-hour front desk.
hotel freund is popular for hiking and cycling breaks here in the kellerwald national park.
bed linen and towels are included.
there is an entrance hall, a front desk and a communal lounge. luggage storage is available.
zadar airport is 25 km away.
this guest house has a ski pass sales point and bike hire is available.
you can enjoy a sea view and a garden view from the room.
a hairdryer, bathrobes and slippers are provided.
freddie next to mercury is a modern hostel with summer terrace and free wifi, located a 10-minute walk from the centre of bratislava.
guests of the aplis have access to a garden with barbecue facilities and a playground for children.
you can also relish delicious cuisine in the elegant setting of the on-site restaurant.
offering an indoor pool, sauna and free wi-fi, apartement 12 in kupferkanne is located in todtmoos. centrally located in the climatic spa town, it is a 5-minute walk from the kurpark spa gardens.
some rooms have a safety deposit box and a spa bath.
gîtes du château de brillac are self-catering cottages set in the chateau’s 7-hectare park, 10 km from cognac golf club.
guests can relax in the sauna, make use of the meeting rooms or work out at the fitness centre.
the private bathroom includes a shower.
all accommodation units comprise a seating area and a full kitchen with an oven and a fridge.
situated by lake nossen, this family-owned property is 3 km from vimmerby.
several supermarkets, bakeries and bars can be found within a 5-minute walk of the calabria apartments.
capital international airport can be reached in 30 minutes' drive while beijing nanyuan airport is located 17 km away.
pescheria del garda train station is 8 km from camping du parc.
slow city youth hostel is conveniently located in qingyang district of chengdu.
each one has a bathroom and uses electricity from solar panels.
many restaurant, pubs and souvenir shops can be found only steps away from the property.
located 150 metres from the beach of akhtopol, blue summer guest house provides a garden with barbecue facilities and free wifi in the rooms.
complete with an oven, the kitchen also has a dining table and fridge.
every room includes a private bathroom.
there are air conditioning and a flat-screen tv.
the rate includes a continental breakfast and free wireless internet access in public areas.
just 500 metres from torquay's seafront and non-smoking throughout, this hotel is only 300 metres from the riviera conference centre.
a continental breakfast with homemade jams and fresh bread is served at the b&b.
mas mato is a holiday home located on the outskirts of begur, 7 minutes' drive from the historic centre; and just 2 km from sa riera and pals beaches.
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
rome4guest-spagna is located in rome's spagna quarter, and the spanish steps are less than a 10-minute walk away.
silver metro and gufaa restaurant serves indian cuisines.
the kettle is the ideal base to explore the ring of kerry and the dingle peninsula.
a turkish breakfast is served every morning.
al fresco dining is available in warmer seasons.
the kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
all of its rooms have balconies with views of the sea and olive groves.
a 24-hour front desk service is available.
all air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen tv.
a restaurant is 80 metres away and within a 5-minute drive, you can also reach a grocery store.
all koka apartments have a kitchenette with a kettle and a fridge. there is also a tv with satellite channels.
there is also a dining table.
breakfast is served every morning, while drinks can be enjoyed in the bar in the evening.
set in a late 1800's building, these large apartments come with free wi-fi and a fully equipped kitchen.
offering an outdoor pool, barbecue and sun terrace, pera villalari is set in kemer in the mediterranean region turkey region.
in summer, the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and serves both local and national dishes.
with a balcony, the air-conditioned apartment comes with a seating area with a sofa and flat-screen tv with cable channels.
sokha club hotel is a 20-minute drive to phnom penh international airport.
the lively laganas is around 3 km away.
the units are colourful and provided with air conditioning, a flat-screen tv, and a bathroom.
the nearby beachfront area has various traditional restaurants for guests to discover.
guests can enjoy a peaceful garden, a large terrace and barbeque facilities.
set within a nature park reserve, club tihany bungalows provides water sport facilities for surfing or sailing from may till september, as well as a sports centre for tennis or minigolf, among others.
the nearest airport is malaga airport, 42 km from pinos de nagüeles.
you can relax in the relaxing lounge area, where there is a library and a fireplace.
eden gardens state park is 8.3 km away.
a supermarket and a restaurant are reachable within a 5-minute walk.
built with solid pinewood, the main lodge is equipped with a stone fireplace and free wi-fi.
other activities include yoga, cycling and trekking.
aurora university is 6 miles from this hotel.
breakfast can be enjoyed in the living room or, if weather permits, outside on the picnic tables.
the guest house is located in a quiet area of the ancient city of porec, with its historical centre just 2.5 km from the house.
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven. featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
the ski/hiking bus stop is only a few steps away from the haus renate.
omonia square is 200 metres from mansion hotel, while national archaeological museum of athens is 600 metres from the property.
start your day with the hearty breakfast buffet, included in your room price.
domina elisir’s pool gives some refreshment during warm days.
located off interstate 30, this hotel is about 15 minutes’ drive from cowboys stadium. it features an indoor pool, daily breakfast and guest rooms with free wi-fi.
it offers an outdoor pool, a tennis court, and first-rate spa facilities.
free wifi access is available in each unit.
just 200 metres from praia da juréia beach, hotel dalu features a swimming pool, free wi-fi and a buffet breakfast.
a furnished patio is provided for outdoor dining.
all of the heated rooms have a flat-screen tv with satellite channels and a desk.
other facilities at portuguese living chiado one include a terrace.
with modern wooden furnishing, rooms at hotel ibis bogota museo feature air conditioning and private bathrooms.
there is a microwave and fridge and a dining table.
there is also a bar with a terrace in the square.
santorini airport is 2 km from the property.
boasting a traditional, country-house design, the family-run bavaria biohotel provides a convenient base for a host of leisure activities.
the property offers free parking.
the property offers free parking.
located nearby is a farmers market and inglewood neighbourhood.
shows and karaoke events are performed at the theatre on a regular basis, and guests can dance and enjoy themselves at the property’s disco.
some have a view of the boulevard.
centrally located in lençóis, in chapada diamantina national park, pousada lua de cristal offers simple accommodation, as well as free wi-fi and buffet breakfast.
the beachfront apartamentos bajondillo in torremolinos have an outdoor pool and free wi-fi.
two large pools, 2 children’s pools and 2 tennis courts are featured.
guests at hotel&spa rosenburg can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet in the breakfast room or in the garden terrace overlooking the pond.
myokoku-ji temple is about a 10-minute drive away.
the nearest airport is split airport, 32 km from the property.
massage and treatments are available.
free wifi is provided .
free wifi is offered .
in the morning a breakfast buffet is available.
rooms at sree kanya fortune inn are air conditioned and come with flat-screen satellite tvs. bright and clean, each is equipped with a tea/coffee maker and a minibar.
free use of bicycles and bike hire are available at this homestay and the area is popular for horse riding.
all rooms include a flat-screen tv with satellite channels.
each room is fitted with a flat-screen tv.
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
ski equipment hire is available at this resort and the area is popular for hiking.
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
the apartment includes 4 flat-screen tvs.
guests of elling briz can relax in the sauna or on the terrace.
guests can enjoy the spa area at the hotel arnika which features a sauna, steam room, infra-red sauna and a relaxation area with infra-red lighting.
on request, the haus hannover hotel offers a pick-up service from wittmund train station.
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
horse carriage trips and guided walks and mountain biking tours can be organised in summer.
light snacks and drinks can also be enjoyed here.
the four-bedroom accommodation will provide a tv, free wifi, playstation 2 and a dvd/cd player.
the living area has a tv, sofa and dining table.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, na shchiedrina is set in minsk, 2.2 km from national exhibition centre belexpo. national academic big opera and ballet theatre is 2.7 km away.
some rooms have a kitchenette where guests can cook.
motel lynton lodge is a 2-minute walk from christ church cathedral and a 10-minute drive from the tahunanui beach.
air conditioned rooms are provided with a flat-screen tv, seating area and minibar.
zahara lake is a 30-minute drive away, while jerez de la frontera is 80 km away.
apartment here is fitted with a washing machine and a satellite tv.
mangrove forest is a 15-minute walk away, while the nearest snorkelling point is a 10-minute walk away.
the calvin coolidge memorial foundation is 1 mile away.
rooms are fitted with a tv with satellite channels.
free public parking is available on site.
guests at mystays fukuoka tenjin can enjoy a health treatment at the spa.
classic-style rooms at the giglio have a tv, minibar and tiled floors.
best western plus brunswick inn & suites offers air-conditioned rooms with microwaves and refrigerators.
each room at happy people hostel will provide you with a seating area.
the nearest airport is arturo merino benitez airport, 80 km from san alfonso del mar.
spacious rooms have a seating area, a safe and cable tv.
light meals and refreshments are served at the on-site restaurant.
an independent house with private garden, villa lauda is just 50 metres from the public beach in rivabella di rimini.
fareham rail station is 15 minutes’ walk away, while portsmouth is a 10-minute drive.
the property offers its guests a traditional restaurant, free wifi access is provided throughout.
all apartments at villa alisa have their own parking space and a private entrance.
the hotel frederikspark has brightly furnished rooms with flat-screen tvs, work desks, and stylish bathrooms.
this farm stay is 79 km from rotterdam the hague airport.
its modern rooms are equipped with a 42-inch flat-screen tv.
ísafjördur town is 180 km to the north and the property is within 2 hours’ drive of the icelandic route 1 ring road.
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
free public parking spaces are available at a nearby location.
relax in the lounges which display both a homely feel and one of luxury.
a kitchenette with fridge, electric kettle, toaster and cooking hobs is included in the simply furnished units at ionos.
kadeva house boasts a mehana, which is a traditional bulgarian restaurant, as well as a barbecue area.
myros apartments is located 800 metres from the centre of tigaki, where guests will find a variety of taverns, bars and shops.
the tulsa airport best western offers a hot breakfast.
there is also a secure room available for bicycles or golf equipment.
at aloft panama you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar.
within a radius of a few metres guests can find super markets, bakeries, the post office and the bus stop that connects the village to the rest of samos on a regular basis.
the private bathroom comes with a shower.
ambiente apartment is 1.5 km from bremen train station, and it is a 5-minute drive to the a281 motorway.
apartments are fitted with a living room and a separate bedroom, spacious fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a bath and separate toilet.
with free parking and free wi-fi, this charming, pitcullen guest house is located in the central belt of scotland, on the a94 to coupar angus.
the closest restaurant is 600 metres away. a 2-minute drive will take you to the supermarket, where you can stock up on necessities.
a flat-screen tv, blu-ray player and dvd player, as well as a computer and a cd player are offered.
it has a restaurant, a bar and rooms with en suite facilities.
the property is equipped with a tour desk and shuttle service.
staff can arrange car rental to explore the lively parikia at 9 km or the long, sandy beach of chrisi ati at 16 km.
the fitness centre is equipped with treadmills, rowing machines and bikes.
this 3-star hotel enjoys a tranquil location in the village of riedmatt, near rheinfelden.
it also offers omelettes, homemade breads and deli cakes.
hotel abhashree is 7 km from the beautiful balajipuram temple and 52 km from satpura dam.
its privileged location makes it the ideal lodging for short or long term holidays.
the centre of varna is located 15 km away, offering a wide number of restaurants, bars, cafeterias and grocery shops.
each room is equipped with a flat-screen tv and tea/coffee making facilities.
laundry services can be requested at an extra fee.
oriental and international dishes are served at amira restaurant, while a buffet breakfast is served at amani café daily.
each room here is air-conditioned and includes a desk, safety-deposit box and a satellite tv.
special diet menus are available upon request.
the property is 6.3 km from el nido airport.
the stone-built romantica apartments lies within 500 metres from the long, sandy beach of falassarna in chania.
unique in romania, the forest restaurant serves international cuisine and local specialties to guests who dine surrounded by growing trees.
many restaurants, bars and shops can be reached within 100 metres.
several restaurants can also be found within 3 km of the property.
the center of åbenrå is 10 km away. shops and restaurants are available within 200m.
for more relaxation, there are steam rooms.
the historic city centre is under 5 minutes away by metro.
this gialos hotel is next to the port and a 10-minute walk from gialos beach.
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
each of sunshine vista's apartments offers 2 bedrooms with ceiling fans and two bathrooms.
parking at the property is free.
it offers air-conditioned rooms, free wi-fi, a restaurant and cocktail bar.
the private bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
some rooms include a terrace.
many taverns serving fresh fish are within a 3-minute walk. tinos town and the port are 3.5 km away.
free wifi access is available in most rooms.
opened in 2010, hotel vittoria is in san giovanni rotondo centre less than 5 minutes' walk from the sanctuary of padre pio.
mosaic stadium at taylor field is 22 minutes' drive from the property.
this hotel in sarıgerme offers free shuttle bus to the beach, 1.5 km away.
we believe hostel is 200 metre from krung thon bridge pier.
a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette.
other facilities offered include a laundry and a vending machine. the property offers free parking.
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and heating, a flat-screen tv and a dvd and blu-ray player. there is a full kitchen with a barbecue, a dishwasher and a tumble dryer. featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
there are several restaurants within 200 metres serving local and international cuisine.
certain rooms feature private thermal pool and sauna at a surcharge.
the hotel is 51 miles from the vancouver international airport.
every room at this mini-hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen tv with cable channels.
podgorica is 41 km from the property.
the comfortable apartment is air conditioned and has a balcony. it offers a living room with a sofa and flat-screen tv. the bathroom comes with a shower.
they all have satellite tv and air conditioning.
featuring free wi-fi, it offers colourful rooms with satellite tv.
guided hiking trips and other activities can be arranged.
offering self-catering apartments, lomas loft is located in santiago.
bbq facilities are also available.
free wifi is available throughout.
the property is housed in an old mill from late 19th century and was adapted to be inhabited.
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment on novgorodskaya 31.
guests are greeted with free wine and fruit.
hotel della porta is located in the historic centre of santarcangelo di romagna, 9 km from the closest beach and a 10-minute drive from the fiera di rimini exhibition centre.
the a22 motorway is nearby.
situated on the shores of dalawella beach, kingsley's pearl boasts a private beach area, an outdoor pool and a restaurant.
casa ilusión is 20 minutes’ walk from the old town, offering a wide range of lively bars and traditional restaurants serving local cuisine and typical tapas.
some units have sea view, whereas some feature mountain view.
each apartment features 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. you also have a separate kitchen and living room with a sofa and dining area.
apartments include a lounge with a tv, a kitchen with an oven, dishwasher and washing machine and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
boudewijn sea park is just over a 10-minute car journey away.
the shops of corso gelone are a 2-minute walk from campi elisi.
it is 2.5 km to lake tarnobrzeg and 1.6 km to dzików castle.
situated on waiheke island, frank's place is just a 2-minute drive from little oneroa beach.
each air-conditioned room is equipped with a cable tv, fan, fridge and minibar.
it offers a tour desk, a business centre, a games room and an on-site restaurant with a various dining options.
the calanda apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchen including a fondue and a raclette set, a balcony and a living area with a flat-screen tv.
a flat-screen satellite tv and a cozy sofa can be found in each room.
discovery gateway, a hands-on children's museum, is 8 miles away.
all rooms of blue marine hotel are equipped with air conditioning, lcd tv and a refrigerator.
a flat-screen tv is offered.
shuttle buses from the station or shin-chitose airport, a 2-hour ride away, can be requested in advance with an additional charge.
the bar and winter garden in the comfort hotel paris la fayette has a pleasant seating area and a billiards table.
parangkusumo beach is 5 minutes’ walk away from hotel parangtritis.
restaurants and shops are less than a 5-minute walk away.
the nearest beach is just 50 metres away.
the bar features a large-screen tv, karaoke and a cocktail menu.
the lotus hill, baomo garden and dafushan forest park are a 10-minute drive away.
the ancient lëkurësi castle is some 2.5 km from pini hotel. butrint national park, which blends lush nature with ancient greek ruins, is located within 18 km.
the apartments feature a living area with flat-screen tv and kitchenette.
featuring wifi, le domaine du rossignon offers pet-friendly accommodation in casteljaloux.
featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a bidet.
antalya airport is 19 km from the property.
hotel celmar is situated at the 11 national road to gdańsk and koszalin.
bike and car rental can be arranged on site.
the property offers free parking and is 2.5 km from the historical city centre and the two towers.
free wifi is available on site.
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace, xiamen monkey house family inn offers accommodation near xiamen zhongshan road pedestrian street.
a 5-minute walk will take you to the old town of sozopol and sozopol bus station. amphitheatre apoloniya is set 600 metres away.
activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
the hostel is located 300 metres from botafogo metro station, 1.5 km from sugar loaf hill, and 10 km from maracanã stadium and novo rio bus terminal.
free wi-fi is available throughout the guesthouse.
meals can be enjoyed at the dining table.
each room has a private balcony that offers shade, and views over the gardens.
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
some units have a balcony.
yitel is a 20-minute drive from xujiahui central business district. south railway station is also a 20-minute ride away.
sarinah is 3.8 km from zen premium kuningan karet, while tanah abang grocery & textile center is 4.1 km away.
grand hyatt cannes hotel martinez offers direct access onto the beach and is within walking distance of the shopping area.
all apartments have a kitchen with a refrigerator, a seating area and a private bathroom.
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
a continental breakfast is served daily.
featuring free wifi throughout the property, la maison periot offers accommodation in the typical village of trévières.
a continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the restaurant, including freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino, home-made cakes, cold cuts and cheeses.
some rooms have a mountain view.
located on the intersection of 2 thoroughfares in central gaziantep, the 8-storey best western ravanda hotel with glass façade features a health club offering an indoor pool, sauna and fitness facilities.
reception staff can also assist with luggage storage, laundry, car rental and ticketing services.
some of the rooms feature a private balcony.
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and dry cleaning.
the property offers free parking.
inn & suites cocca’s offers otis & oliver’s restaurant & pub. it serves american dishes such as country barbecue ribs and chicken in a casual atmosphere.
el arm el is located in grutas village, 250 metres to grutas lake and 1 km to grūto parkas – an open air soviet sculpture museum.
the segnas train station can be reached on foot in 5 minutes.
its two bedrooms have built-in beds.
the hotel is 4 km from viveiro ́s old town.
this air-conditioned apartment features a bedroom, a seating area and kitchenette equipped with a stove, electric kettle and fridge.
residence villa lidia is located 150 metres from riccione beach.
free private parking is possible on site and gerardmer is 15 km from the chalet.
the quiet non-smoking rooms are all individually designed and offer views of the garden or the town square.
a flat-screen tv, as well as a cd player are provided.
set on bahía de sant antoni's seafront and next to 2 sandy beaches, tagomago has an outdoor pool and sun terrace.
city center shopping mall can be reached by car in 25 minutes.
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport, 18 km from natasa's house by the sea.
the air-conditioned apartment consists of a living room with a seating area and a tv. guests can prepare meals in the fully equipped kitchen with dining table.
triumfalnaya square and the moscow academic theatre of satire are within walking distance from the apartment.
the well-equipped kitchen has a ceramic hob, microwave and coffee maker, as well as a toaster, kettle and a portable barbecue for use on the terrace.
guests can also relax on the terrace, which is equipped with tables and chairs.
offering an outdoor pool, pousada cantinho suiço is located in penedo. free wifi and free breakfast are available in this lodge.
coffs harbour town centre is 11 minutes’ drive away where you can dine at a range of cafes, restaurants and bars or purchase groceries at the major supermarkets.
bed linen and towels are provided.
in the summertime, guess can dine on the hotel's terrace which has views of the moselle river.
guests can relax in the hotel’s sauna or steam bath.
they are air conditioned and equipped with a satellite tv, safe and hairdryer.
there is room service at the property.
located in le hameau in the heart of isola 2000 ski resort, egot saint clair 2 offers mountain views and is located on the first floor, accessed through an elevator.
located off highway 2/4, this hotel is just a half-mile from prince frederick shopping center.
the rooms at the elit all come with a balcony, a flat-screen tv with cable channels and a minibar.
it has air conditioning and a tv, while the bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer.
other facilities at rentopolis porta romana - sannio include a terrace.
the air-conditioned rooms all come with a flat-screen tv. lockers are available outside the room.
the nearest grocery store is 500 meters away, as well as a restaurant.
featuring a bath, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
a selection of international and local restaurants can be found within a 10-minute drive.
it features free wifi in the public area.
in summer, free transfers to and from the riederalp cable car station are offered.
the ibis budget evreux centre is located in evreux, just 1 km from the botanical garden and 500 metres from the notre dame cathedral.
complimentary tea and coffee is available 24 hours a day in the guest lounge.
each air-conditioned room features a flat-screen tv, safe and seating area.
sunshine hotel fourseasons is located within suzhou industrial park, about 6 km from suzhou yuanqu railway station.
towels and linen are also provided.
a breakfast is provided each morning at les myositis.
this hotel is only 300 metres from løkken beach and 20 minutes’ drive from fårup sommerland amusement park.
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance and free wifi access is provided on site.
complete with an oven and a microwave, one property provides a dishwasher and an outdoor dining area.